Plot,Clean Plot,True Genre,Predicted Genre
"Two girls escape from an open borstal. Annetta (Chrissie Cotterill) wants to visit her baby daughter who is being raised in a convent. Carol (Amanda York) plans to be recaptured and sent to the closed borstal where her girlfriend Doreen is being held. Carol's plan works, but she is devastated to find that Doreen has a new girlfriend. Doreen and the girlfriend taunt Carol. Annetta is arrested at the convent and sent to the same closed borstal. She assumes Carol grassed her up and proceeds to plan her revenge. Inmate Eddie professes her love for Carol and offers protection, so Carol begins a relationship with her. Annetta's constant bullying attempts keep her in solitary confinement. When Eddie is released Carol loses her protection and Annetta plans another attack.",girls escape open borstal annetta chrissie cotterill wants visit baby daughter raised convent carol amanda york plans recaptured sent closed borstal girlfriend doreen held carol plan works devastated find doreen girlfriend doreen girlfriend taunt carol annetta arrested convent sent same closed borstal assumes carol grassed proceeds plan revenge inmate eddie professes love carol offers protection carol relationship annetta constant bullying attempts keep solitary confinement eddie released carol loses protection annetta plans attack,drama,crime
An ex army officer is forced to resort to a life of crime.[3],ex army officer forced resort life crime,drama,action
"Julie Barnes (Claire Danes), Pete Cochran (Giovanni Ribisi) and Lincoln Hayes (Omar Epps) are three minor delinquents who choose to become undercover cops in place of serving their jail terms. When their superior Capt. Adam Greer (Dennis Farina) is murdered, the trio set out to find the real culprits.",julie barnes claire danes pete cochran giovanni ribisi lincoln hayes omar epps three minor delinquents choose become undercover cops place serving jail terms superior capt adam greer dennis farina murdered trio set find real culprits,action,crime
"A Greek fisherman named Demetrios and his father rescue Princess Antillia from a shipwreck without knowing that she is from the technologically advanced civilization of Atlantis. After rescuing the princess, Demetrios must travel beyond the Pillars of Hercules to take her home. After they are picked up at sea near Atlantis by a giant fish-like submarine boat, Demetrios, expecting to receive a reward for returning Antillia, is instead enslaved and forced to work in the crater of the volcano that dominates the center of the continent. King Cronus is being manipulated by an ambitious usurper, Zaren, collaborating with the court sorcerer, Sonoy the Astrologer, who wishes to use the resources of Atlantis in order to conquer the known world. From the continent's volcano, the slaves of Atlantis have been mining unique power crystals which absorb the sun's rays and can then be used to fire heat ray beams. The crystals were originally used to produce light and heat, but due to its arrogance, corruption, and moral laxity, Atlantis has made the crystals into a deadly heat ray weapon, and has now become an abomination before Heaven. Taken to the House of Fear, where a mad scientist turns slaves into beasts, Demetrios is saved by being given the chance to undergo the 'ordeal of fire and water'. He fights with a giant ogre in a pit of burning coals. Demetrios outmaneuvers his clumsy opponent, setting fire to the ogre's hair, the fight contrasting with the uproarious laughter coming from the massive crowd in the coliseum, cheering on the spectacle. Later, after killing the ogre in a rising pool of water, Demetrios is declared a free citizen of Atlantis. Impending doom hangs heavy in the air of Atlantis. The birds, animals, and even the insects are fleeing what appears to be the coming destruction of the continent. With the help of a kindly high priest named Azar (Edward Platt), who explains these signs of apocalypse to him, Demetrios is later able to rescue Princess Antillia after he has helped the slaves of Atlantis to escape the coming destruction. The skies darken, the ground begins to shake, and the destruction of Atlantis begins, just as Zaren's giant crystal ray weapon is fired by him on the fleeing citizens, as he tries to destroy Demetrios and Princess Antillia struggling to escape through the fleeing multitude. The volcano undergoes a cataclysmic eruption. As the continent proceeds to tear itself apart, the people of Atlantis panic, striving without success to escape their doom. Azar and Zaren wrestle after Azar is able to stab him with Zaren's own knife. The large crystal ray weapon swings back and forth, out of control, firing at random, until it suddenly incinerates them both. As lightning flashes and thunder roars, the entire continent is sinking just before it begins to rise up quickly. Just as quickly the sea bottom collapses, and Atlantis plunges beneath the waves. The large crystal atop the capital's large pyramid, the main power source for the entire continent, short-circuits, and a massive explosion follows. The skies suddenly clear. Various groups of survivors, including Demetrios and Antillia, flee to Greece and other parts of the world, where they are absorbed into other cultures, and the Legend of Lost Atlantis is spread through the many peoples and nations that follow through the centuries.",greek fisherman named demetrios rescue princess antillia shipwreck without knowing technologically advanced civilization atlantis rescuing princess demetrios must travel beyond pillars hercules home picked sea near atlantis giant fish like submarine boat demetrios expecting receive reward returning antillia instead enslaved forced work crater volcano dominates center continent king cronus manipulated ambitious usurper zaren collaborating court sorcerer sonoy astrologer wishes use resources atlantis order conquer known world continent volcano slaves atlantis mining unique power crystals absorb sun rays used fire heat ray beams crystals were originally used produce light heat due arrogance corruption moral laxity atlantis made crystals deadly heat ray weapon become abomination heaven taken fear mad scientist turns slaves beasts demetrios saved given chance undergo ordeal fire water fights giant ogre pit burning coals demetrios outmaneuvers clumsy opponent setting fire ogre hair fight contrasting uproarious laughter coming massive crowd coliseum cheering spectacle killing ogre rising pool water demetrios declared free citizen atlantis impending doom hangs heavy air atlantis birds animals even insects fleeing appears coming destruction continent kindly high priest named azar edward platt explains these signs apocalypse demetrios able rescue princess antillia helped slaves atlantis escape coming destruction skies darken ground shake destruction atlantis zaren giant crystal ray weapon fired fleeing citizens destroy demetrios princess antillia struggling escape fleeing multitude volcano undergoes cataclysmic eruption continent proceeds tear itself apart people atlantis panic striving without success escape doom azar zaren wrestle azar able stab zaren knife large crystal ray weapon swings forth control firing random until suddenly incinerates lightning flashes thunder roars entire continent sinking rise quickly quickly sea bottom collapses atlantis plunges beneath waves large crystal atop capital large pyramid main power source entire continent short circuits massive explosion follows skies suddenly clear various groups survivors including demetrios antillia flee greece parts world absorbed cultures legend lost atlantis spread many peoples nations follow centuries,sci-fi,animation
"Homicide detectives Mike (Sam Worthington) and Brian (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) investigate the murder of a girl and the disappearance of a young woman. Meanwhile, Ann (Chloë Grace Moretz), a neglected local girl whose mother Lucie (Sheryl Lee) is a drug addict, goes missing.",homicide detectives mike sam worthington brian jeffrey dean morgan investigate murder girl disappearance young woman ann chlo grace moretz neglected local girl whose mother lucie sheryl lee drug addict missing,crime,drama
"Although made in 1943-44, the film is set in peacetime Britain, a few years after the end of World War II. Peter Pyke, the son of a millionaire hotel owner, had been a RAF pilot during the war but, much to the frustration of his hard-working father, he doesn't want to work for a living and instead wastes his time away, living in his father's hotel (aptly named Eisenhower Hotel after Dwight D. Eisenhower who lead the Allied invasion in 1944). So when Peter finds a club founded by people, mainly White Russian émigrés, who refuse to be of any use to society, he immediately joins them.",although made film set peacetime britain few years end world war ii peter pyke son millionaire hotel owner raf pilot war much frustration hard working want work living instead wastes time living hotel aptly named eisenhower hotel dwight d eisenhower lead allied invasion peter club founded people mainly white russian migr s refuse any use society immediately joins,comedy,drama
"On March 21, 2023, the media credits the annual purge, a 12-hour period wherein all crimes are legal without authorities intervening, as an economic success. Everywhere, people either prepare to barricade themselves indoors or commit acts of violence. The nation's impoverished population is no longer seen as people, but as living garbage, whom the wealthy denounce as only living to serve their needs. However, before the sixth annual purge begins, a successful anti-purge resistance group led by Carmelo Johns and his partner, the Stranger from the first film - revealed as Dwayne - hijack government feeds to denounce the New Founding Fathers and their actions. In Los Angeles, working-class waitress Eva Sanchez returns home to her 17 year old daughter Cali and terminally ill father Rico, who also despises the New Founding Fathers. Rico slips out to a waiting limousine, leaving a note for his family revealing that he has sold himself as a purge offering in exchange for $100,000 to be paid to Eva and Cali after the purge. Married couple Shane and Liz visit a grocery store, only to be ambushed by a masked gang of bikers. As they drive away to avoid them, their car breaks down, as the biker gang had cut their fuel line. Meanwhile, an off-duty Los Angeles Police Department sergeant, Leo Barnes, plans to join the purge to avenge the death of his son against the advice of his ex-wife, and goes out to the streets heavily armed, posing as a vigilante. As Shane and Liz try to find safer hiding places, the purge commences. Eva and Cali are attacked by their lustful superintendent Diego, but he is gunned down by a paramilitary platoon, which captures the women to offer them to their leader Big Daddy for his own personal purge. The sergeant rescues them after killing the troops and wounding Big Daddy. They find Shane and Liz hiding in the sergeant's car. The group flees just as Big Daddy fires at them, damaging the car. As the sergeant's car breaks down, the group flees on foot to reach the home of Eva's co-worker Tanya, and borrow her car. As they navigate the hostile streets, they find evidence that the antipurge group has been gaining the upper hand against the purgers. After freeing Shane from a trap and taking guns from an abandoned van, they head to the subways. A pyrotechnic purging gang invades the subways and sets hiding people on fire, causing chaos. Shane is wounded, but the group manages to escape. After running for their lives, Eva unknowingly signals a traffic camera to identify them to the NFFA troops who pick up the location of Tanya's apartment building. The group reaches Tanya's house, but learns no car is there. Tanya's family takes them in, offering dinner and medicine. However, Tanya's sister Lorraine proceeds to murder her sister for sleeping with her husband. The group leaves the family to their fate, only to be captured by the masked gang, which takes them to a theater where upper-class purgers bid them for human hunting. In the purging arena, the sergeant fights back, killing the hunters. The host purger calls for backup and security forces kill Shane. The antipurge group invades the arena and kills more of the purging team. Liz chooses to join the antipurge group to avenge Shane's death. The sergeant hijacks the host purger's car and threatens her before leaving. The sergeant, Eva, and Cali drive up to a suburban neighborhood, and stop at the home of Warren Grass. He reveals that Grass killed his son while driving under the influence, but was acquitted. He ventures into the house, threatening Warren and his wife. The next scene shows the sergeant exiting the house covered in blood, only to be shot by Big Daddy, who reveals that the New Founding Fathers have secretly dispatched death squads to increase the body count because the purge eliminates too few of the lower class, possibly due to purgers murdering those they have personal grudges against and not just random people. Just as he is about to kill the sergeant, Warren appears and kills Big Daddy with his .45, revealing that the sergeant chose to spare him. As Big Daddy's death squad appears, sirens blare to signal the end of the purge. Warren drives Eva, Cali, and the sergeant to the hospital as news and police helicopters fly over the city.",march media credits annual purge hour period wherein crimes legal without authorities intervening economic success everywhere people either prepare barricade themselves indoors or commit acts violence nation impoverished population longer seen people living garbage whom wealthy denounce living serve needs sixth annual purge successful anti purge resistance group led carmelo johns partner stranger film revealed dwayne hijack government feeds denounce founding fathers actions los angeles working class waitress eva sanchez returns home year old daughter cali terminally ill rico despises founding fathers rico slips waiting limousine leaving note family revealing sold purge offering exchange paid eva cali purge married couple shane liz visit grocery store ambushed masked gang bikers drive avoid car breaks biker gang cut fuel line duty los angeles police department sergeant leo barnes plans join purge avenge death son against advice ex wife streets heavily armed posing vigilante shane liz try find safer hiding places purge commences eva cali attacked lustful superintendent diego gunned paramilitary platoon captures women offer leader big daddy personal purge sergeant rescues killing troops wounding big daddy find shane liz hiding sergeant car group flees big daddy fires damaging car sergeant car breaks group flees foot reach home eva co worker tanya borrow car navigate hostile streets find evidence antipurge group gaining upper hand against purgers freeing shane trap taking guns abandoned van head subways pyrotechnic purging gang invades subways sets hiding people fire causing chaos shane wounded group manages escape running lives eva unknowingly signals traffic camera identify nffa troops pick location tanya apartment building group reaches tanya learns car tanya family offering dinner medicine tanya sister lorraine proceeds murder sister sleeping husband group leaves family fate captured masked gang theater upper class purgers bid human hunting purging arena sergeant fights killing hunters host purger calls backup security forces kill shane antipurge group invades arena kills purging team liz chooses join antipurge group avenge shane death sergeant hijacks host purger car threatens leaving sergeant eva cali drive suburban neighborhood stop home warren grass reveals grass killed son driving under influence acquitted ventures threatening warren wife scene shows sergeant exiting covered blood shot big daddy reveals founding fathers secretly dispatched death squads increase body count purge eliminates too few lower class possibly due purgers murdering those personal grudges against random people kill sergeant warren appears kills big daddy revealing sergeant chose spare big daddy death squad appears sirens blare signal end purge warren drives eva cali sergeant hospital news police helicopters fly city,horror,action
"A new gas formula that can be used as a deadly weapon invented by a pioneering British scientist draws the interest of a shadowy peace movement, which masks a more sinister intent.[2]",gas formula used deadly weapon invented pioneering british scientist draws interest shadowy peace movement masks sinister intent,crime,horror
"This is the story of Madhabpur. The incident is just like that of Singur. The corrupt M.L.A of Madhabpur, Shanti Ranja Burman is a crook who forcefully confiscate the lands and properties of the downtrodden mass in the name of industrialization and development. He and his sidekick Raghab (Rajesh) targets Chandra Roy (Rimjhim) and her grandmother (Whom every one calls Thakuma) for engulfing their land. Enter honest S.P Mr. DIbakar Choudhury and his brother Dev. Dev falls in love with Chandra. The two take oath to uproot the corrupt Shanti Ranjan and Raghab alongside the villainous inspector Binay Bagchi. Dev, Dibakar and Chandra find able allies in sub-inspector Pundarikakshya Das (Subhashish) and Joy Banerjee, a real estate dealer turns revolutionary. Together combat the adverse forces and finally at a meeting all hell breaks loose. Shanti Ranjan and S.P Dibakar died in encounter. Peace is restored.",story madhabpur incident like singur corrupt m l madhabpur shanti ranja burman crook forcefully confiscate lands properties downtrodden mass name industrialization development sidekick raghab rajesh targets chandra roy rimjhim grandmother whom every calls thakuma engulfing land enter honest s p mr dibakar choudhury brother dev dev falls love chandra oath uproot corrupt shanti ranjan raghab alongside villainous inspector binay bagchi dev dibakar chandra find able allies sub inspector pundarikakshya das subhashish joy banerjee real estate dealer turns revolutionary together combat adverse forces finally meeting hell breaks loose shanti ranjan s p dibakar died encounter peace restored,romance,action
"A title sequence prologue details Britain's accidental acquisition of the island Gaillardia (located on the 33rd parallel south) during the seventeenth century, the feud between two scions of its royal house and Britain's granting the island self-rule in 1916. However, when independence was granted, the Foreign Office (F.O.) failed to recall its governor, who is still there forty years later. He writes a letter to the F.O. informing them of Russian moves to annex the island's mineral wealth. After some research to find out where exactly Gaillardia is, the F.O. put the matter in the hands of Carlton-Browne, head of the Department of Miscellaneous Territories. Brutally inept, he had only gotten the role due to the distinguished career of his father. He suggests sending out two British geologists under the cover of a British Council Morris dancing troupe putting on a show for the king of Gaillardia. At the show the king is assassinated and his young Oxford-educated son Loris flies out to succeed to the throne. On the flight, travelling incognito as 'Mr Jones', he talks to a beautiful young woman. Carlton-Browne is sent out to see to British interests under the new king, accompanied by his military attaché Colonel Bellingham of the Bays. Loris and his prime minister Amphibulos stall the British, hoping to start a bidding war between them and the Russians – Amphibulos hopes to get rich, but Loris hopes to modernise his country and benefit its people (Gaillardia's backward standard of living, limited funds and negligible military strength have all been made blindingly obvious at a State Parade held in Loris' honor). The two are then visited by Loris' uncle Grand Duke Alexis and the veiled Princess Ilyena, whom Alexis and his rebels are backing as the true claimant to the throne. To settle the struggle between Loris and Alexis, the British get the United Nations to partition the island (to save costs, this is accomplished by little more than painting a white line across the island with a cricket pitch marking trolley). Soon afterwards the British mineralogists arrive back at the F.O. to announce they have discovered rich cobalt deposits – on what is now Alexis' half of the island... Loris comes to Britain for talks but the F.O. refuses to meet him, instead negotiating with Alexis so Britain can seize the mineral wealth. Loris discovers this and also overhears Amphibulos giving Alexis his support and planning to overthrow Loris in favour of Ilyena. Disgusted, Loris leaves his hotel and meets Ilyena, who is attempting to avoid an unintelligent British suitor Carlton-Browne has set up for her. Loris recognises her as the young woman from the plane, but only discovers her true identity when they duck into a news cinema and see a newsreel of her arrival in Britain. Initially angry that she has hidden her identity from him, he soon falls in love with her and starts to discuss with her how to outwit both Amphibulos and Alexis. The F.O. receive news of a revolution in Gaillardia, withdraw their support for the partition and send Bellingham at the head of a party of parachutists to put down the revolution. After the parachutists mistakenly attack their own HQ, Bellingham and Carlton-Browne are captured and taken to see the leaders of the revolution – Loris and Ilyena, now engaged to be married. Loris pretends that Bellingham and Carlton-Browne are not in Gaillardia to intervene in the revolution but to give his congratulations on the engagement, which Carlton-Browne goes along with. Gaillardia is reunited, the Russians, British and Americans leave and Carlton-Browne is granted orders of chivalry by both Gaillardia and Britain for his services to world peace. The credits roll on a scene of a team of workmen painting out the white line.",title sequence prologue details britain accidental acquisition island gaillardia located rd parallel south seventeenth century feud scions royal britain granting island self rule independence granted foreign office f o failed recall governor forty years writes letter f o informing russian moves annex island mineral wealth research find exactly gaillardia f o put matter hands carlton browne head department miscellaneous territories brutally inept gotten role due distinguished career suggests sending british geologists under cover british council morris dancing troupe putting show king gaillardia show king assassinated young oxford educated son loris flies succeed throne flight travelling incognito mr jones talks beautiful young woman carlton browne sent see british interests under king accompanied military attach colonel bellingham bays loris prime minister amphibulos stall british hoping start bidding war russians amphibulos hopes rich loris hopes modernise country benefit people gaillardia backward standard living limited funds negligible military strength made blindingly obvious state parade held loris honor visited loris uncle grand duke alexis veiled princess ilyena whom alexis rebels backing true claimant throne settle struggle loris alexis british united nations partition island save costs accomplished little than painting white line across island cricket pitch marking trolley afterwards british mineralogists arrive f o announce discovered rich cobalt deposits alexis half island loris britain talks f o refuses meet instead negotiating alexis britain seize mineral wealth loris discovers overhears amphibulos giving alexis support planning overthrow loris favour ilyena disgusted loris leaves hotel meets ilyena attempting avoid unintelligent british suitor carlton browne set loris recognises young woman plane discovers true identity duck news cinema see newsreel arrival britain initially angry hidden identity falls love starts discuss how outwit amphibulos alexis f o receive news revolution gaillardia withdraw support partition send bellingham head party parachutists put revolution parachutists mistakenly attack hq bellingham carlton browne captured taken see leaders revolution loris ilyena engaged married loris pretends bellingham carlton browne gaillardia intervene revolution give congratulations engagement carlton browne along gaillardia reunited russians british americans leave carlton browne granted orders chivalry gaillardia britain services world peace credits roll scene team workmen painting white line,comedy,drama
"In April 1987, two North Americans disappeared in the West Australian desert on a 4WD holiday. They were never seen alive again. Their abandoned vehicles and unused supplies were found in sand dunes near an Aboriginal sacred site less than an hour away from the closest town. Two years later, in May 1989, the two men were both found dead of natural causes, on the same day, 1,000 miles apart back in North America. Twenty years after the original incident, 3 couples who set out on a surfing trip are lured into the same desert area, by a strange local whose master needs fresh victims to consume. Preconceived assumptions about friendship, undiscovered sexual liaisons, and false leadership come apart as the three couples realize that the vacation is over.",april north americans disappeared west australian desert wd holiday were never seen alive abandoned vehicles unused supplies were found sand dunes near aboriginal sacred site less than hour closest town years may men were found dead natural causes same day miles apart north america twenty years original incident couples set surfing trip lured same desert area strange local whose master needs fresh victims consume preconceived assumptions friendship undiscovered sexual liaisons false leadership apart three couples realize vacation,horror,drama
"Havaldar Major Jaswant Singh (Jayant) makes a citizen's arrest of petty thief Ajit (Dharmendra) and hands him over to the police, and after due process of law he is sentenced to six months in jail. After completing his sentence, the jailer asks him to approach Jaswant Singh for employment, and so he does. Jaswant asks him to help him with his farming work. Ajit meets Anju (Asha Parekh - lead female) and both fall in love. Ajit comes to know of Jabbar Singh (Vinod Khanna) a dacoit who is terrorizing the surrounding community, and Ajit decides to take on Jabbar. In retaliation, Jabbar abducts Anju, and instructs Ajit to come unarmed. Ajit decides to follow these instructions, however, as soon as he reaches Jabbar's hideout, he too is captured, and at the mercy of Jabbar and Munni (Laxmi Chhaya), who has been scorned by Ajit, and it is now up to her to decide Ajit's fate.",havaldar major jaswant singh jayant makes citizen arrest petty thief ajit dharmendra hands police due process law sentenced six months jail completing sentence jailer approach jaswant singh employment jaswant farming work ajit meets anju asha parekh lead female fall love ajit know jabbar singh vinod khanna dacoit terrorizing surrounding community ajit decides jabbar retaliation jabbar abducts anju instructs ajit unarmed ajit decides follow these instructions reaches jabbar hideout too captured mercy jabbar munni laxmi chhaya scorned ajit decide ajit fate,drama,action
"Phoenix Police Detective Charlie Congers is tasked to assist the FBI in bringing a gangster's girlfriend, Jackie Pruitt, back to the USA to testify. The FBI thinks she can give inside information to law enforcement that will put Joe Bomposa behind bars once and for all. It turns out that Pruitt doesn't know much of anything useful to the FBI. The trouble is, Bomposa wants her dead anyway, feeling betrayed, while Congers is falling in love with her. Bomposa has her shot while she embraces Congers before she leaves for the US under the protection of the FBI.",phoenix police detective charlie congers tasked assist fbi bringing gangster girlfriend jackie pruitt usa testify fbi thinks give inside information law enforcement put joe bomposa behind bars once turns pruitt know much anything useful fbi trouble bomposa wants dead anyway feeling betrayed congers falling love bomposa shot embraces congers leaves us under protection fbi,crime,action
"The story starts with Anna Matthew (Tabu) explaining that she can see ghosts and spiritual spirits due to a special power given to her by the Gods and believes she has been chosen to help ghosts and fulfill their last wishes so that their spirits can achieve salvation. The story continues with Anna narrating one such incident of her life. The story revolves around Gopal (Ajay Devgn), Madhav (Arshad Warsi), Lucky (Tusshar Kapoor), Laxman 1 (Shreyas Talpade) and Laxman 2 (Kunal Khemu, who are orphans living in an orphanage located in the picturesque Ooty, managed by the kind businessman Jamnadas (Uday Tikekar). One night, Gopal, Madhav, Lucky and the two Laxmans find a baby girl at the gate of the orphanage. They name her Khushi and take care of her. The five boys also know Anna Matthew, who works in a library nearby. The boys are aware of Anna's power to see spirits from the other world. One day, Madhav pranks and scares the easily frightened Gopal in an empty bungalow, which leads to a fight between the two then young boys. Gopal gets punished and the five boys decide to leave the orphanage. Khushi is extremely upset with this as she is left behind. Khushi later gets adopted by a loving colonel and his wife. Years later, Gopal and Laxman 1 are estranged from Madhav, Laxman 2 and Lucky. The five, however, are once again reunited when the news of Jamnadas's death comes and they are invited to an event to be held to honour him. They return to the orphanage after 25 years, finding that nothing much has changed. The five enter the old bungalow where Madhav had scared Gopal. There, they meet the colonel; they are also reunited with Anna Matthew (Tabu), and Pappi (Johnny Lever), another orphan from the orphanage. They also meet with Damini (Parineeti Chopra) whom Anna introduces as the bunglow's caretaker. Anna reacts strangely when she sees the boys acknowledging Damini's presence. At the special event for Jamnadas, businessman Vasu Reddy (Prakash Raj) reveals that the orphanage's kids will be shifted somewhere else, while the orphanage in Ooty will be demolished. Soon, one by one, the boys get possessed by a ghost that talks in Nana Patekar's voice. This scares Gopal, so Anna suggests they stay in Colonel's house. Madhav, Laxman 2 and Lucky are also staying in the Colonel's house, as they are handed over the job of getting Gopal and Laxman1 out of the house by Vasooli (Mukesh Tiwari) and Vasu Reddy. The five of them fight daily, exasperating Anna. The boys finally make amends after Lucky gets possessed. They push Gopal, who has fallen for Damini, to express his love to her. Just then, Pappi tells that the girl who they thought was Damini is actually dead and the real Damini is alive and is Pappi's Girlfriend. Terrified, they try to flee but Anna stops them and reveals that the ghost is of none other than their own Khushi, their childhood friend. Khushi then tells her tale that how she had met a young businessman, Nikhil (Neil Nitin Mukesh), and fell in love with him. Their marriage was fixed. One night, however, she witnessed Nikhil killing Jamnadas as Jamnadas confronted Nikhil about the latter's conspiracy of obtaining the orphanage in his name on the pretext of benefitting the orphans, and instead, demolishing the orphanage and building a contruction site for his personal gain. Khushi then confronted Nikhil and threatens to go to the police and calls him a murderer. Nikhil then strangled Khushi to death. With Vasu Reddy's help, Nikhil proved Jamnadas' death and Khushi's death as accidents. Khushi came to Anna as a spirit, asking for help. Anna was surprised that the boys could see Khushi and took it as God's sign, which is why she brought the boys to the house to help her. The boys plan to scare Vasu into confessing the truth but their plan is ruined when Nikhil returns and mocks that they don't have any evidence to prosecute him for the alleged crime. This infuriates Khushi, who brutally attacks Nikhil and almost kills him. Anna calms her down and Vasu Reddy convinces Nikhil to confess. In the end, the orphanage is saved and Khushi's spirit, now content, departs happily to heaven after bidding goodbye to the boys. During the credits, the five dance with Khushi on a song.",story starts anna matthew tabu explaining see ghosts spiritual spirits due special power given gods believes chosen ghosts fulfill last wishes spirits achieve salvation story continues anna narrating such incident life story revolves around gopal ajay devgn madhav arshad warsi lucky tusshar kapoor laxman shreyas talpade laxman kunal khemu orphans living orphanage located picturesque ooty managed kind businessman jamnadas uday tikekar night gopal madhav lucky laxmans find baby girl gate orphanage name khushi care five boys know anna matthew works library nearby boys aware anna power see spirits world day madhav pranks scares easily frightened gopal empty bungalow leads fight young boys gopal punished five boys decide leave orphanage khushi extremely upset left behind khushi adopted loving colonel wife years gopal laxman estranged madhav laxman lucky five once reunited news jamnadas death invited event held honour return orphanage years finding nothing much changed five enter old bungalow madhav scared gopal meet colonel reunited anna matthew tabu pappi johnny lever orphan orphanage meet damini parineeti chopra whom anna introduces bunglow caretaker anna reacts strangely sees boys acknowledging damini presence special event jamnadas businessman vasu reddy prakash raj reveals orphanage kids shifted somewhere else orphanage ooty demolished boys possessed ghost talks nana patekar voice scares gopal anna suggests stay colonel madhav laxman lucky staying colonel handed job getting gopal laxman vasooli mukesh tiwari vasu reddy five fight daily exasperating anna boys finally amends lucky possessed push gopal fallen damini express love pappi girl thought damini actually dead real damini alive pappi girlfriend terrified try flee anna stops reveals ghost none than khushi childhood friend khushi tale how met young businessman nikhil neil nitin mukesh fell love marriage fixed night witnessed nikhil killing jamnadas jamnadas confronted nikhil latter conspiracy obtaining orphanage name pretext benefitting orphans instead demolishing orphanage building contruction site personal gain khushi confronted nikhil threatens police calls murderer nikhil strangled khushi death vasu reddy nikhil proved jamnadas death khushi death accidents khushi came anna spirit asking anna surprised boys could see khushi took god sign why brought boys boys plan scare vasu confessing truth plan ruined nikhil returns mocks do any evidence prosecute alleged crime infuriates khushi brutally attacks nikhil almost kills anna calms vasu reddy convinces nikhil confess end orphanage saved khushi spirit content departs happily heaven bidding goodbye boys credits five dance khushi song,comedy,romance
"The setting is the American West, late 19th century. A gang of bank robbers, including Graham Dorsey (Charles Bronson), is off to rob a small-town bank, but Graham is having second thoughts: he's had a nightmare in which the gang was wiped out during the robbery attempt. Worse, Graham's horse broke down and the gang members have to get another. They try at the ranch of the widow Amanda Starbuck (Jill Ireland). Amanda, suspicious of the men, denies having a horse. Graham checks out the barn and finds a horse, but still afraid of disaster, he lies to his men and agrees to wait three hours at the ranch for their return (the from noon till three of the title). It turns out he has another reason for wanting to stay behind though: he wants to force himself on Mrs. Starbuck. Amanda resists rather inventively; simply lies still, fully clothed. This frustrates Graham, who decides on a ruse. He pretends he is impotent, hoping to play on Amanda's sympathy. The deception works, and they make love three times. As time passes, Graham and Amanda have a long, thoughtful discussion talking of their past lives, as well as their hopes and ambitions (Graham wants to go straight and work in a bank!). They even dance to Amanda's music box (Hello and Goodbye), with Graham wearing Mr. Starbuck's old tuxedo. A neighbor boy stops by to tell Amanda about an attempted bank robbery. The bank robbers from Graham's gang were caught and were going to be hanged in town that afternoon. She thinks Graham should ride out and help them. Graham thinks this is a way for him to be able to stay with her and get away from the gang. After much coercing he decides to play along and rides out, intending only to have a long nap. But this is shattered when the posse rides into sight, spotting Graham and giving chase. Graham eludes them when he comes upon a traveling dentist, exchanges clothes with him at gunpoint, and steals his horse and wagon. The unfortunate Dr. Finger is taken for Graham and shot dead. The posse, recognizing Mr. Starbuck's horse and tux, bring the body back to the Starbuck ranch. Amanda, seeing what she thinks is Graham's body (she cannot see the face) faints. But Graham does not get away clean: it turns out Dr. Finger was a quack, and the first person Graham encounters after his escape was one of Dr. Finger's dissatisfied customers. He is put into prison on a year-long sentence for Dr. Finger's crimes. At first Amanda is ostracized by the townspeople. But an impassioned speech proclaiming her true love for him does a remarkable trick: the townspeople not only forgive her, they see a remarkable story in that of Graham and Amanda. This story forms the basis of a legend, one that spawns a popular book (From Noon Till Three), dime novels, a stage play, and even a popular song. The legend of Graham and Amanda becomes bigger than the reality of the two, and with her book a worldwide best seller it makes Amanda a wealthy woman. Graham, who reads the book while in prison, is amused by the distortions. Graham is described as being 6'3 (1.90 m), Southern, and very handsome; he is, in fact, none of these. After serving his time he is eager to renew his relationship with Amanda. A disguised Graham takes one of Amanda's guided tours of her ranch, and stays behind, intending to reveal himself. When he does so, Amanda does not recognize him and becomes frightened. It is only when Graham shows her something that's not in the book that Amanda believes him. (Graham's exposing himself is cut from the TV version, causing brief audience confusion as to why Amanda finally recognizes him.) But instead of joy, Amanda is confused and worried. If word got out that Graham was alive, the legend of Graham and Amanda would be done for. Even Graham's suggestion that he live with her incognito is no good; after all, if Amanda were to live with another man, the legend would still be destroyed. The encounter ends up with Amanda pointing a gun at Graham... but at the last second she decides to shoot herself. Graham is heartbroken. Not only has he lost Amanda, the secret of his real identity is lost for good. He tries to forget what has happened, but there are reminders everywhere. He hears their song at a local saloon, and walks in on a stage production of From Noon Till Three. Worse, people he knew slightly laugh when he says he is Graham, since he looks nothing like his description in the book. At the end he is arrested and put in an insane asylum, where he meets the only people who believe him: his fellow inmates. He seems relieved.",setting american west late th century gang bank robbers including graham dorsey charles bronson rob small town bank graham second thoughts nightmare gang wiped robbery attempt worse graham horse broke gang members try ranch widow amanda starbuck jill ireland amanda suspicious men denies horse graham checks barn horse afraid disaster lies men agrees wait three hours ranch return noon till three title turns reason wanting stay behind though wants force mrs starbuck amanda resists rather inventively simply lies fully clothed frustrates graham decides ruse pretends impotent hoping play amanda sympathy deception works love three times time passes graham amanda long thoughtful discussion talking past lives well hopes ambitions graham wants straight work bank even dance amanda music box hello goodbye graham wearing mr starbuck old tuxedo neighbor boy stops tell amanda attempted bank robbery bank robbers graham gang were caught were going hanged town afternoon thinks graham should ride graham thinks able stay gang much coercing decides play along rides intending long nap shattered posse rides sight spotting graham giving chase graham eludes upon traveling dentist exchanges clothes gunpoint steals horse wagon unfortunate dr finger taken graham shot dead posse recognizing mr starbuck horse tux bring body starbuck ranch amanda seeing thinks graham body cannot see face faints graham clean turns dr finger quack person graham encounters escape dr finger dissatisfied customers put prison year long sentence dr finger crimes amanda ostracized townspeople impassioned speech proclaiming true love remarkable trick townspeople forgive see remarkable story graham amanda story forms basis legend spawns popular book noon till three dime novels stage play even popular song legend graham amanda bigger than reality book worldwide best seller makes amanda wealthy woman graham reads book prison amused distortions graham described m southern very handsome fact none these serving time eager renew relationship amanda disguised graham amanda guided tours ranch stays behind intending reveal amanda recognize frightened graham shows something book amanda believes graham exposing cut tv version causing brief audience confusion why amanda finally recognizes instead joy amanda confused worried word got graham alive legend graham amanda would done even graham suggestion live incognito good amanda were live legend would destroyed encounter ends amanda pointing gun graham last second decides shoot herself graham heartbroken lost amanda secret real identity lost good forget happened reminders everywhere hears song local saloon walks stage production noon till three worse people knew slightly laugh says graham since looks nothing like description book end arrested put insane asylum meets people believe fellow inmates seems relieved,western,comedy
"On March 25, 1863, Cpl. William Pittenger, along with 7 other soldiers, are summoned to the US War Department and are brought before War Secretary Edwin Stanton to receive the first Medals of Honor. Pittenger, narrating, tells the story of the mission they participated in through a flashback. In April 1862, Pittenger and several other soldiers, including William Campbell are posted outside Nashville under orders from General Mitchell. Andrews rides in to speak to Mitchell, who assigns him the mission of hijacking a train behind Confederate lines and destroying the bridges along the Western and Atlantic Railroad in order to delay reinforcements against Mitchell's planned attack on Chattanooga, as well as cripple the Confederate army's supply lines; possibly putting an end to the war. Pittenger, Campbell, and several more soldiers meet Andrews the next night on a hillside where he explains the mission, and tells them to arrive in Marietta, Georgia by April 10. Over the next few days the men make their way south through Confederate territory in small groups so as not to draw suspicion. Pittenger and Campbell rendezvous with Andrews and two others at an inn on the Tennessee River, but heavy rain causes Andrews to delay the attempt for a day. On the morning of April 12, Andrews and the raiders congregate in a railroad hotel in Marietta. They board a northbound train, waiting for the breakfast stop at Big Shanty. While on the train Andrews is approached by the conductor William A. Fuller, who is suspicious about Andrews and the men he boarded with. Andrews shows Fuller a letter from Brigadier General Beauregard. This convinces Fuller that Andrews and his men are Confederate agents. While the passengers and crew are eating, Andrews and the men drop the passenger cars, hijack the engine, and proceed north. Witnessing this, Fuller pursues them on foot along with engineer Jeff Cain and foreman Anthony Murphy. Andrews and the men continue on, pulling up track to block any trains from the south and cutting telegraph wires to stop any towns ahead of them from being alerted. Fuller and his men continue to pursue the raiders; first on foot, then by handcar, then on the small yard engine Yonah. The raiders make their scheduled stop at Kingston to wait for a southbound freight train. Andrews disguises their mission from the suspicious station staff by claiming that he's running an extra ammunition supply train to Beauregard. Once the southbound train arrives, the raiders learn, to their surprise, that Mitchell had captured Huntsville ahead of schedule and the Confederates are now running extra freight trains down south, including another train coming in from the north unscheduled. After 45 minutes of extra waiting, the last train arrives, and the raiders continue north. Shortly afterward, Fuller and his men reach Kingston. After alerting the station master of the situation, Fuller and his men take a locomotive waiting on the side track and continue until they reach another section of removed track. Fuller and Murphy then wave down Pete Bracken and his southbound express freight and they continue the chase with his engine, the Texas running in reverse. The raiders make several attempts to stop their pursuers but barely manage to even slow them down. The raiders arrive at the first bridge and attempt to burn it down by lighting a boxcar and setting the brake it so as to prevent it from being moved. Fuller manages to disable the brake and the Texas pushes the car out, leaving the bridge intact. With the General out of wood and water and unable to continue, Andrews decides to stop and fight. However, before they can, a Confederate cavalry from Ringgold approaches; sent by General Leadbetter after Fuller managed to get a telegraph sent ahead of the raiders. Fuller arrives and reclaims his train as the raiders, having failed in their mission, flee into the wilderness and try to make it back home. Over the next week, the raiders are hunted down and captured. The group is transferred from jail to jail across the south, ultimately learning that they have been found guilty and are to be hanged soon. One day, while in their cell in Atlanta, one of them manages to break the group's chains. They plan to escape the next morning. All men make it over the wall of the jail yard except Andrews and Campbell, who stay behind to fight off their captors. 8 of the raiders, including Pittenger, manage to escape while the rest are recaptured. Before his execution, Andrews requests a final visit from Fuller, who begrudgingly shows up. Andrews expresses hopes that Fuller won't hold a grudge for deceiving him, acknowledging that they both fought in their own ways. Andrews laments that he won't live to see the end of the war, when both sides come together and shake hands. He asks Fuller if they could do so instead. Fuller obliges, marking the end of their war and putting Andrews at peace. Returning to the opening scene, Secretary Stanton tells the 8 surviving raiders that their perished comrades will also receive the Medal of Honor posthumously, with the exception of Andrews who is ineligible due to being a civilian operative (also excluding William Campbell). Pittenger then thanks Stanton on behalf of all of the raiders, ending the film.",march cpl william pittenger along soldiers summoned us war department brought war secretary edwin stanton receive medals honor pittenger narrating story mission participated flashback april pittenger several soldiers including william campbell posted outside nashville under orders general mitchell andrews rides speak mitchell assigns mission hijacking train behind confederate lines destroying bridges along western atlantic railroad order delay reinforcements against mitchell planned attack chattanooga well cripple confederate army supply lines possibly putting end war pittenger campbell several soldiers meet andrews night hillside explains mission arrive marietta georgia april few days men south confederate territory small groups draw suspicion pittenger campbell rendezvous andrews others inn tennessee river heavy rain causes andrews delay attempt day morning april andrews raiders congregate railroad hotel marietta board northbound train waiting breakfast stop big shanty train andrews approached conductor william fuller suspicious andrews men boarded andrews shows fuller letter brigadier general beauregard convinces fuller andrews men confederate agents passengers crew eating andrews men drop passenger cars hijack engine proceed north witnessing fuller pursues foot along engineer jeff cain foreman anthony murphy andrews men continue pulling track block any trains south cutting telegraph wires stop any towns ahead alerted fuller men continue pursue raiders foot handcar small yard engine yonah raiders scheduled stop kingston wait southbound freight train andrews disguises mission suspicious station staff claiming running extra ammunition supply train beauregard once southbound train arrives raiders learn surprise mitchell captured huntsville ahead schedule confederates running extra freight trains south including train coming north unscheduled minutes extra waiting last train arrives raiders continue north shortly afterward fuller men reach kingston alerting station master situation fuller men locomotive waiting side track continue until reach section removed track fuller murphy wave pete bracken southbound express freight continue chase engine texas running reverse raiders several attempts stop pursuers barely manage even slow raiders arrive bridge attempt burn lighting boxcar setting brake prevent moved fuller manages disable brake texas pushes car leaving bridge intact general wood water unable continue andrews decides stop fight confederate cavalry ringgold approaches sent general leadbetter fuller managed telegraph sent ahead raiders fuller arrives reclaims train raiders failed mission flee wilderness try home week raiders hunted captured group transferred jail jail across south ultimately learning found guilty hanged day cell atlanta manages break group chains plan escape morning men wall jail yard except andrews campbell stay behind fight captors raiders including pittenger manage escape rest recaptured execution andrews requests final visit fuller begrudgingly shows andrews expresses hopes fuller wo hold grudge deceiving acknowledging fought ways andrews laments wo live see end war sides together shake hands fuller could do instead fuller obliges marking end war putting andrews peace returning opening scene secretary stanton surviving raiders perished comrades receive medal honor posthumously exception andrews ineligible due civilian operative excluding william campbell pittenger thanks stanton behalf raiders ending film,action,western
"In Antarctica, in 1982, a Norwegian helicopter pursues a sled dog to an American research station. The Americans witness the Norwegian pilot accidentally blow up the helicopter and himself. The Norwegian passenger fires a rifle and shouts at the Americans, but they cannot understand him and he is shot dead in self-defense by station commander Garry. The American helicopter pilot, R.J. MacReady, and Dr. Copper leave to investigate the Norwegian base. Among the charred ruins and frozen corpses, they find the burned remains of a malformed humanoid which they recover to the American station. Their biologist, Blair, autopsies the remains and finds a normal set of human organs. Clark kennels the sled dog where it soon metamorphoses and absorbs the station dogs. This disturbance alerts the team and Childs uses a flamethrower to incinerate the creature. Blair autopsies the new creature and learns that it can perfectly imitate other organisms. Recovered Norwegian data leads the Americans to a large excavation site containing a partially buried flying saucer, and a smaller, human-sized dig site. Norris estimates that the saucer has been buried for at least 100,000 years. Blair grows paranoid that the creature could assimilate all life on Earth in a matter of years. The station implements controls to reduce the risk of assimilation. The dead, malformed humanoid creature assimilates an isolated Bennings, but Windows interrupts the process and MacReady burns the Bennings-Thing. Blair sabotages all the vehicles, kills the remaining sled dogs, and destroys the radio to prevent escape. The team imprison him in a tool shed. Copper suggests a test to compare each member's blood against uncontaminated blood held in storage, but after learning that the blood stores have been destroyed, the men lose faith in Garry, and MacReady takes command. MacReady, Windows and Nauls find Fuchs' burnt corpse and surmise he committed suicide to avoid assimilation. Windows returns to base while MacReady and Nauls investigate MacReady's shack. On their return, Nauls abandons MacReady in a snowstorm, believing he has been assimilated after finding his torn clothes in the shack. The team debate whether to allow MacReady inside, but he breaks in and holds the group at bay with dynamite. During the encounter, Norris appears to suffer a heart attack. As Copper attempts to defibrillate Norris, his chest transforms into a large mouth and bites off Copper's arms. MacReady incinerates the Norris-Thing, but its head separates from the body and attempts to escape before also being burnt. MacReady is forced to kill Clark in self-defense when he refuses to follow MacReady's orders. He hypothesizes that the Norris-Thing's head demonstrated that every part of the Thing is an individual life form with its own survival instinct. He sequentially tests blood samples with a heated piece of wire. Everyone passes the test except Palmer, whose blood jumps from the heat. Palmer transforms and infects Windows, forcing MacReady to burn them both. Childs is left on guard while the others go to test Blair. They find that Blair has escaped, and has been using vehicle components to craft a small spaceship. On their return, Childs is missing and the power generator is destroyed. MacReady speculates that the Thing intends to return to hibernation until a rescue team arrives. MacReady, Garry, and Nauls decide to detonate the station to destroy the Thing. As they set explosives, Blair kills Garry and Nauls disappears. Blair transforms into an enormous creature and destroys the detonator. MacReady triggers the explosives using a stick of dynamite, destroying the base. MacReady sits nearby as the camp burns. Childs returns, saying he became lost in the storm while pursuing Blair. Exhausted and slowly freezing to death, they acknowledge the futility of their distrust and share a bottle of scotch.",antarctica norwegian helicopter pursues sled dog american research station americans witness norwegian pilot accidentally blow helicopter norwegian passenger fires rifle shouts americans cannot understand shot dead self defense station commander garry american helicopter pilot r j macready dr copper leave investigate norwegian base among charred ruins frozen corpses find burned remains malformed humanoid recover american station biologist blair autopsies remains normal set human organs clark kennels sled dog metamorphoses absorbs station dogs disturbance alerts team childs uses flamethrower incinerate creature blair autopsies creature learns perfectly imitate organisms recovered norwegian data leads americans large excavation site containing partially buried flying saucer smaller human sized dig site norris estimates saucer buried least years blair grows paranoid creature could assimilate life earth matter years station implements controls reduce risk assimilation dead malformed humanoid creature assimilates isolated bennings windows interrupts process macready burns bennings thing blair sabotages vehicles kills remaining sled dogs destroys radio prevent escape team imprison tool shed copper suggests test compare each member blood against uncontaminated blood held storage learning blood stores destroyed men lose faith garry macready command macready windows nauls find fuchs burnt corpse surmise committed suicide avoid assimilation windows returns base macready nauls investigate macready shack return nauls abandons macready snowstorm believing assimilated finding torn clothes shack team debate whether allow macready inside breaks holds group bay dynamite encounter norris appears suffer heart attack copper attempts defibrillate norris chest transforms large mouth bites copper arms macready incinerates norris thing head separates body attempts escape burnt macready forced kill clark self defense refuses follow macready orders hypothesizes norris thing head demonstrated every part thing individual life form survival instinct sequentially tests blood samples heated piece wire everyone passes test except palmer whose blood jumps heat palmer transforms infects windows forcing macready burn childs left guard others test blair find blair escaped using vehicle components craft small spaceship return childs missing power generator destroyed macready speculates thing intends return hibernation until rescue team arrives macready garry nauls decide detonate station destroy thing set explosives blair kills garry nauls disappears blair transforms enormous creature destroys detonator macready triggers explosives using stick dynamite destroying base macready sits nearby camp burns childs returns saying became lost storm pursuing blair exhausted slowly freezing death acknowledge futility distrust share bottle scotch,horror,sci-fi
"The film opens with a depiction of the strong leadership of trade unionist Anand Verma (Satyen Kappu), who works hard to enhance the lives of struggling laborers. He lives in a modest home with his wife, Sumitra Devi (Nirupa Roy), and their two young sons, Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), and Ravi (Shashi Kapoor). Anand, however, is blackmailed by a corrupt businessman who threatens to kill his family if Anand does not cease his protest activities. Forced into compliance, Anand is thus attacked by the very same laborers who then jeer him for his betrayal, unaware that he was blackmailed. His family is also persecuted by the angry workers. Out of shame, Anand leaves town, leaving Sumitra to care for their sons alone in poverty. Several of the angry workers kidnap Vijay and tattoo his arm with the Hindi words मेरा बाप चोर है merā bāp chor hai (my father is a thief). Not knowing what else to do, Sumitra brings her children to Bombay and struggles as a day laborer to care for her now homeless sons. Vijay, the older brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father's failure and is victimized for his father's supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights, Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher, was a dockyard worker in his youth, now becomes a smuggler for the underworld. Vijay beats up several thugs working for their ruthless leader Samant (Madan Puri), which then influences one of Samant's rivals to bring Vijay to his inner circle, leaving Vijay to become a new leading figure of the underworld. He also sacrifices his own education so his brother Ravi can study. Ravi is an excellent student. He is dating Veera (Neetu Singh), the daughter of a senior police officer. On the Commissioner's suggestion, Ravi applies for employment with the police, and is sent for training. Several months later, he is accepted by the police, and has a rank of Sub-Inspector. When Ravi returns home, he finds that Vijay has become a businessman overnight, has accumulated wealth, and a palatial home. One of his first assignments is to apprehend and arrest some of Bombay's hardcore criminals and smugglers which includes his brother, Vijay – much to his shock, as he had never associated his own brother with criminal activities. Ravi must now decide between apprehending Vijay and quitting the police force. When Ravi finds out that Vijay has acquired wealth by crime, he decides to move out along with his mother. Shouldering past the loss of his mother and sibling, Vijay enters a sexual relationship with Anita (Parveen Babi), a woman whom he meets at a bar. When Anita falls pregnant, Vijay decides to abandon his life in the underworld, marry her, and confess his sins. He also hopes to seek forgiveness from his mother and brother. However, when Anita is brutally murdered by Samant, Vijay loses all sense and brutally murders Samant in revenge for Anita's death, leading him to be branded a criminal forever. Their mother, who had sided with Ravi despite the fact that Vijay was her favourite, is tormented by Vijay's decisions and rejects him. When the two brothers meet for a final clash, Ravi, pleading Vijay to stop running, shoots Vijay in his arm and Vijay dies (after crashing his car into a wall while trying to escape) in his mother's arms in a temple, seeking forgiveness. Ravi is felicitated for pursuing justice.",film opens depiction strong leadership trade unionist anand verma satyen kappu works hard enhance lives struggling laborers lives modest home wife sumitra devi nirupa roy young sons vijay amitabh bachchan ravi shashi kapoor anand blackmailed corrupt businessman threatens kill family anand cease protest activities forced compliance anand thus attacked very same laborers jeer betrayal unaware blackmailed family persecuted angry workers shame anand leaves town leaving sumitra care sons alone poverty several angry workers kidnap vijay tattoo arm hindi words mer b p chor hai my thief knowing else do sumitra brings children bombay struggles day laborer care homeless sons vijay older brother grows acute awareness failure victimized supposed misdeeds process fighting rights vijay starts boot polisher dockyard worker youth smuggler underworld vijay beats several thugs working ruthless leader samant madan puri influences samant rivals bring vijay inner circle leaving vijay become leading figure underworld sacrifices education brother ravi study ravi excellent student dating veera neetu singh daughter senior police officer commissioner suggestion ravi applies employment police sent training several months accepted police rank sub inspector ravi returns home vijay become businessman overnight accumulated wealth palatial home assignments apprehend arrest bombay hardcore criminals smugglers includes brother vijay much shock never associated brother criminal activities ravi must decide apprehending vijay quitting police force ravi vijay acquired wealth crime decides move along mother shouldering past loss mother sibling vijay enters sexual relationship anita parveen babi woman whom meets bar anita falls pregnant vijay decides abandon life underworld marry confess sins hopes seek forgiveness mother brother anita brutally murdered samant vijay loses sense brutally murders samant revenge anita death leading branded criminal forever mother sided ravi despite fact vijay favourite tormented vijay decisions rejects brothers meet final clash ravi pleading vijay stop running shoots vijay arm vijay dies crashing car wall trying escape mother arms temple seeking forgiveness ravi felicitated pursuing justice,drama,action
"Wealthy Rollo Treadway (Buster Keaton) suddenly decides to propose to his neighbor across the street, Betsy O'Brien (Kathryn McGuire), and sends his servant to book passage for a honeymoon sea cruise to Honolulu. When Betsy rejects his sudden offer however, he decides to go on the trip anyway, boarding without delay that night. Because the pier number is partially covered, he ends up on the wrong ship, the Navigator, which Betsy's rich father (Frederick Vroom) has just sold to a small country at war. Agents for the other small nation in the conflict decide to set the ship adrift that same night. When Betsy's father checks up on the ship, he is captured and tied up ashore by the saboteurs. Betsy hears his cry for help and boards the ship to look for him, just before it is cut loose. The Navigator drifts out into the Pacific Ocean. The two unwitting passengers eventually find each other. At first, they have great difficulty looking after themselves (as they had servants to do that for them), but adapt after a few weeks. At one point, they sight a navy ship and hoist a brightly colored flag, not realizing it signals that the ship is under quarantine. As a result, the other vessel turns away. Finally, the ship grounds itself near an inhabited tropical island and springs a leak. While Rollo dons a deep sea diving suit and submerges to patch the hole, the natives canoe out and take Betsy captive. When Rollo emerges from the ocean, the natives are scared off, enabling him to rescue Betsy and take her back to the ship. The natives return and try to board the ship. After a fierce struggle, Rollo and Betsy try to escape in a small dinghy. It starts to sink, and the natives swiftly overtake them in their canoes. Just when all seems lost, a navy submarine surfaces right underneath them and they are saved.",wealthy rollo treadway buster keaton suddenly decides propose neighbor across street betsy o brien kathryn mcguire sends servant book passage honeymoon sea cruise honolulu betsy rejects sudden offer decides trip anyway boarding without delay night pier number partially covered ends wrong ship navigator betsy rich frederick vroom sold small country war agents small nation conflict decide set ship adrift same night betsy checks ship captured tied ashore saboteurs betsy hears cry boards ship look cut loose navigator drifts pacific ocean unwitting passengers find each great difficulty looking themselves servants do adapt few weeks point sight navy ship hoist brightly colored flag realizing signals ship under quarantine result vessel turns finally ship grounds itself near inhabited tropical island springs leak rollo dons deep sea diving suit submerges patch hole natives canoe betsy captive rollo emerges ocean natives scared enabling rescue betsy ship natives return try board ship fierce struggle rollo betsy try escape small dinghy starts sink natives swiftly overtake canoes seems lost navy submarine surfaces right underneath saved,comedy,animation
"Max Renn is the president of CIVIC-TV, a Toronto UHF television station specializing in sensationalistic programming. Displeased with his station's current lineup (which mostly consists of softcore pornography and gratuitous violence), Max is looking for something that will break through to a new audience. One morning, he is summoned to the clandestine office of Harlan, who operates CIVIC-TV's unauthorized satellite dish which can intercept broadcasts from as far away as Asia. Harlan shows Renn Videodrome, a plotless television show apparently being broadcast out of Malaysia which depicts the brutal torture and eventual murder of anonymous victims in a reddish-orange chamber. Believing this to be the future of television, Max orders Harlan to begin unlicensed use of the show. Max experiences a hallucination, the first of many. Appearing on a talk show, Max defends his station's programming choices to Nicki Brand, a psychiatrist and radio host, and professor Brian O'Blivion, a pop-culture analyst and philosopher who will only appear on television if his image is broadcast into the studio, onto a television, from a remote location. O'Blivion delivers a speech prophesying a future in which television supplants real life. Max dates Nicki, who is sexually aroused when he shows her an episode of Videodrome and coaxes him into having sadomasochistic sex with her while they watch it. Max goes once again to Harlan's office, where Harlan tells him that the signal delay which caused it to appear to be coming from Malaysia was a ploy by the broadcaster and that Videodrome is being broadcast out of Pittsburgh. Max tells Nicki this and she excitedly goes to Pittsburgh to audition for the show under the guise of a business trip, but never returns. Max contacts Masha, a softcore pornographer, and asks her to help him find out the truth about Videodrome. Through Masha, Max learns that not only is the footage not faked, but it is the public face of a political movement. Masha further informs him that O'Blivion knows about Videodrome. Max tracks down O'Blivion to the Cathode Ray Mission, a mission where homeless people are provided food, shelter, and clothing, and encouraged to engage in marathon sessions of television viewing. He discovers the mission is run by O'Blivion's daughter, Bianca, with the goal of helping to bring about her father's vision of a world in which television replaces every aspect of everyday life. Later, Max views a videotape in which O'Blivion informs him that Videodrome is a socio-political battleground in which a war is being fought for control of the minds of the people of North America. Shortly thereafter, Max begins experiencing disturbing hallucinations in which his torso transforms into a gaping hole that functions as a VCR. Bianca tells him these are side-effects from having viewed Videodrome, which carries a broadcast signal that causes the viewer to develop a malignant brain tumour. O'Blivion helped to create it as part of his vision for the future, but when he found out it was to be used for malevolent purposes, he attempted to stop his partners; they used his own invention to kill him. In the year before his death, O'Blivion recorded tens of thousands of videos, which now form the basis of his television appearances. Max is contacted by Videodrome's producer, the Spectacular Optical Corporation; an eyeglasses company that acts as a front for a weapons manufacturer. The head of Spectacular Optical, Barry Convex, has been secretly working with Harlan to get Max exposed to Videodrome and to have him broadcast it, as part of a conspiracy to purge North America, giving fatal brain tumours to lowlifes fixated on extreme sex and violence. Convex then inserts a brainwashing video tape into Max's torso. Under Convex's influence, Max murders his colleagues at CIVIC-TV, and later attempts to murder Bianca O'Blivion, but she manages to stop Max by showing him a videotape of Nicki being strangled to death. Bianca then 'reprograms' him to turn against Videodrome. On her orders, Max kills Harlan and Convex. Afterwards, Max takes refuge on a derelict boat, where Nicki appears to him on a television. She tells him he has weakened Videodrome, but in order to completely defeat it, he has to ascend to the next level and leave the old flesh. The television then shows an image of Max shooting himself in the head, which causes the set to explode. Reenacting what he has just seen on the television, Max utters the words Long live the new flesh, and shoots himself.",max renn president civic tv toronto uhf television station specializing sensationalistic programming displeased station current lineup mostly consists softcore pornography gratuitous violence max looking something break audience morning summoned clandestine office harlan operates civic tv unauthorized satellite dish intercept broadcasts far asia harlan shows renn videodrome plotless television show apparently broadcast malaysia depicts brutal torture eventual murder anonymous victims reddish orange chamber believing future television max orders harlan begin unlicensed use show max experiences hallucination many appearing talk show max defends station programming choices nicki brand psychiatrist radio host professor brian o blivion pop culture analyst philosopher appear television image broadcast studio onto television remote location o blivion delivers speech prophesying future television supplants real life max dates nicki sexually aroused shows episode videodrome coaxes sadomasochistic sex watch max once harlan office harlan signal delay caused appear coming malaysia ploy broadcaster videodrome broadcast pittsburgh max nicki excitedly pittsburgh audition show under guise business trip never returns max contacts masha softcore pornographer find truth videodrome masha max learns footage faked public face political movement masha further informs o blivion knows videodrome max tracks o blivion cathode ray mission mission homeless people provided food shelter clothing encouraged engage marathon sessions television viewing discovers mission run o blivion daughter bianca goal helping bring vision world television replaces every aspect everyday life max views videotape o blivion informs videodrome socio political battleground war fought control minds people north america shortly thereafter max experiencing disturbing hallucinations torso transforms gaping hole functions vcr bianca these side effects viewed videodrome carries broadcast signal causes viewer develop malignant brain tumour o blivion helped create part vision future found used malevolent purposes attempted stop partners used invention kill year death o blivion recorded tens thousands videos form basis television appearances max contacted videodrome producer spectacular optical corporation eyeglasses company acts front weapons manufacturer head spectacular optical barry convex secretly working harlan max exposed videodrome broadcast part conspiracy purge north america giving fatal brain tumours lowlifes fixated extreme sex violence convex inserts brainwashing video tape max torso under convex influence max murders colleagues civic tv attempts murder bianca o blivion manages stop max showing videotape nicki strangled death bianca programs turn against videodrome orders max kills harlan convex afterwards max refuge derelict boat nicki appears television weakened videodrome order completely defeat ascend level leave old flesh television shows image max shooting head causes set explode reenacting seen television max utters words long live flesh shoots,sci-fi,horror
"The lives of Atmaram (Nazir Hussain) and his wife (Dulari) are turned upside down when they see their daughter, Mala's (Aruna Irani) pictures in a magazine. They arrange for Mala's marriage with the son of Ramlal (Agha). Mala is opposed to marrying anyone who she has not met, and is at the same time thrilled that the two persons she trusted, one Verma (Shatrughan Sinha), and the other Sharma (Manmohan) had actually submitted her pictures to a magazine, and were now willing to sign her up for a Bollywood movie. Mala is not able to understand her parents' opposition on her way to fame, and runs away from home with a lot of money and hands this money to Sharma and Verma. Greed overtakes Sharma and Verma, leading to the death of Sharma. Mala, who witnessed Verma kill Sharma, now is on the run for her life. She boards a bus from Bombay which bound for Goa. Verma soon overtakes her, and has one of his armed men on the bus to kill her. And then arrives Mala's admirer Ravikumar (Amitabh Bachchan), who not only protects Mala, but also accompanies her throughout the journey. Mala starts to trust and subsequently fall in love with Ravikumar. The bus journey is adventurous with the passengers, a totally mixed bunch, from all over India, different religions, cultures, and faiths, all thrown together for this journey. The bus is in the control of driver Rajesh (Anwar Ali), and conductor, Khanna (Mehmood).",lives atmaram nazir hussain wife dulari turned upside see daughter mala aruna irani pictures magazine arrange mala marriage son ramlal agha mala opposed marrying anyone met same time thrilled persons trusted verma shatrughan sinha sharma manmohan actually submitted pictures magazine were willing sign bollywood movie mala able understand parents opposition fame runs home lot money hands money sharma verma greed overtakes sharma verma leading death sharma mala witnessed verma kill sharma run life boards bus bombay bound goa verma overtakes armed men bus kill arrives mala admirer ravikumar amitabh bachchan protects mala accompanies throughout journey mala starts trust subsequently fall love ravikumar bus journey adventurous passengers totally mixed bunch india different religions cultures faiths thrown together journey bus control driver rajesh anwar ali conductor khanna mehmood,drama,romance
"Telly and a 12-year-old girl are making out on a bed. With no adults around, Telly, who is slightly older, persuades the girl, who is a virgin, to have sex with him. Afterwards, he meets his friend, Casper, and they talk about his sexual experience. Telly has taken to only having sex with virgins. They go inside a local store, where Casper shoplifts a bottle of malt liquor as Telly distracts the cashier. Looking for drugs, food, and a place to hang out, they head to their friend Paul's apartment, though they express dislike of him on the way there. They arrive at Paul's house, talk about sex and smoke marijuana while watching a skate video. Casper inhales nitrous oxide out of balloons, which Telly considers dangerous. A group of girls, among them Ruby and Jennie, are talking about sex. Ruby and Jennie mention that they were recently tested for STDs at Ruby's request, though Jennie only got tested to keep Ruby company. Ruby's test is negative, though she has had multiple sexual encounters, many of them unprotected. Jennie tests positive for HIV. She says she has had sex only once, with Telly. Jennie spends the rest of the day trying to find Telly, to prevent him from passing it on. Telly and Casper walk to Telly's house and steal money from Telly's mother, who is preoccupied with taking care of her new baby. They go to Washington Square Park and buy a dime bag of marijuana from a Rastafari. They then meet up with a few friends to talk and smoke, one of whom gives a blunt-rolling tutorial. As they do, Casper and many others taunt a gay couple passing through the park. On the side, Telly briefly talks to Misha, a girl who strongly dislikes Casper, calling him a jerk. As Casper rides on a skateboard, he carelessly bumps into a man, who furiously threatens him. He pushes Casper, but is struck in the back of the head with a skateboard by Harold, causing him to collapse. A number of other skaters join in, beating, stomping, and hitting the man with their skateboards until he is rendered unconscious by a final blow to the head by Casper. While discussing whether or not they killed the man at the park, Telly and some of the group pick up a 13-year-old girl named Darcy, the virginal younger sister of an acquaintance, whom Telly wants to have sex with. He convinces her to go with them to a pool. The other girls engage in kissing and flirtation, but Darcy is restrained. Telly and the group go to an unsupervised party at the house of another friend, Steven. Meanwhile, Jennie makes her way to Washington Square Park. Here, she talks to Misha, who tells her about Telly's possible whereabouts. Jennie goes to a rave club called NASA trying to find Telly. She runs into Fidget, a raver boy, who shoves a pill into her mouth, which he says is supposed to make Special K look weak. It turns out to be a depressant. The pill kicks in and Jennie eventually finds out that Telly is at the party at Steven's house. Jennie arrives at the party only to learn she is too late, as she discovers Telly having sex with Darcy. Emotionally drained and the drug still affecting her, Jennie cries and passes out on a couch among the other sleeping partygoers. A drunken Casper proceeds to rape Jennie as she sleeps. First thing the next morning, Casper is drinking liquor and says Jesus Christ, what happened?",telly year old girl making bed adults around telly slightly older persuades girl virgin sex afterwards meets friend casper talk sexual experience telly taken sex virgins inside local store casper shoplifts bottle malt liquor telly distracts cashier looking drugs food place hang head friend paul apartment though express dislike arrive paul talk sex smoke marijuana watching skate video casper inhales nitrous oxide balloons telly considers dangerous group girls among ruby jennie talking sex ruby jennie mention were recently tested stds ruby request though jennie got tested keep ruby company ruby test negative though multiple sexual encounters many unprotected jennie tests positive hiv says sex once telly jennie spends rest day trying find telly prevent passing telly casper walk telly steal money telly mother preoccupied taking care baby washington square park buy dime bag marijuana rastafari meet few friends talk smoke whom gives blunt rolling tutorial do casper many others taunt gay couple passing park side telly briefly talks misha girl strongly dislikes casper calling jerk casper rides skateboard carelessly bumps furiously threatens pushes casper struck head skateboard harold causing collapse number skaters join beating stomping hitting skateboards until rendered unconscious final blow head casper discussing whether or killed park telly group pick year old girl named darcy virginal younger sister acquaintance whom telly wants sex convinces pool girls engage kissing flirtation darcy restrained telly group unsupervised party friend steven jennie makes washington square park here talks misha telly possible whereabouts jennie rave club called nasa trying find telly runs fidget raver boy shoves pill mouth says supposed special k look weak turns depressant pill kicks jennie telly party steven jennie arrives party learn too late discovers telly sex darcy emotionally drained drug affecting jennie cries passes couch among sleeping partygoers drunken casper proceeds rape jennie sleeps thing morning casper drinking liquor says jesus christ happened,drama,comedy
"In this film Meera looks entirely in different get up. The movie is totally female oriented and Meera is playing a strong key role in the film. After 3 years of time span Malayalam actress Meera Jasmine come up with a female oriented horror film. Srikanth Vemulapalli is the director of the movie. Coming to the story Rajeev Mohan takes the lead role as Sreenu, who is basically frightened college student. Like other such kind of movies, everyone in the college tease and starts hitting Sreenu but other heroine Disha Pandey who plays role of second heroine Nisha loves Sreenu. But Sreenu doesn’t like her much. In the mean time Moksha our lead heroine Meera Jasmine comes into picture. Moksha and her father shifted to the city and whose residence is next to the Sreenu’s house. As Moksha attitude is totally different like she won’t come out of the home in the morning and will be out in the nights itself. One fine night Sreenu met Moksha. By that time some murders already take place in their area. One night Sreenu's classmates see him sitting with Moksha and invite them to the Valentine's day party. At the party, Sreenu's classmates get him drunk and try to rape Moksha, however the friend who tries to rape Moksha dies in a horrendous manner. Moksha's father warns her not to go out with Sreenu else they would have to move away from this house too. Moksha silently listens to him. Nisha approaches a tantrik hoping to learn a trick or two to attract Sreenu. However the Tantrik tells her that her dreams cannot be realised.",film meera looks entirely different movie totally female oriented meera playing strong key role film years time span malayalam actress meera jasmine female oriented horror film srikanth vemulapalli director movie coming story rajeev mohan lead role sreenu basically frightened college student like such kind movies everyone college tease starts hitting sreenu heroine disha pandey plays role second heroine nisha loves sreenu sreenu doesn t like much mean time moksha our lead heroine meera jasmine picture moksha shifted city whose residence sreenu s moksha attitude totally different like won t home morning nights itself fine night sreenu met moksha time murders already place area night sreenu classmates see sitting moksha invite valentine day party party sreenu classmates drunk try rape moksha friend rape moksha dies horrendous manner moksha warns sreenu else would move too moksha silently listens nisha approaches tantrik hoping learn trick or attract sreenu tantrik dreams cannot realised,horror,romance
"The Diamond Man is about an orphan who takes the blame for her sister's crime, and later reveals her boss as her evil husband.",diamond orphan blame sister crime reveals boss evil husband,crime,drama
"A young and honest New York Police Department detective Breezy Kildare is attempting to arrest B.H. Butch Owens, the leader of a gang of criminals who attempted to bribe him. He is wounded in a shootout between Owens' gang and another gang in a Broadway night club. His police chief allows him to recuperate and cool down in his thirst for justice back in his home of Wyoming where his father is a cattleman. Once arriving back home he soon discovers the gangsters who attempted to bribe and kill him are lying low there and diversifying by starting a Cattleman's Benevolent Association that is actually a protection racket protecting the cattlemen from such perils as having their cattle machine gunned. When his father is shot in a drive-by shooting, Breezy leads the cattlemen against the well-armed gangsters who no longer have the power of a bribed administration or high-powered legal protection, but now have to face six-gun justice and lynch law.",young honest york police department detective breezy kildare attempting arrest b h butch owens leader gang criminals attempted bribe wounded shootout owens gang gang broadway night club police chief allows recuperate cool thirst justice home wyoming cattleman once arriving home discovers gangsters attempted bribe kill lying low diversifying starting cattleman benevolent association actually protection racket protecting cattlemen such perils cattle machine gunned shot drive shooting breezy leads cattlemen against well armed gangsters longer power bribed administration or high powered legal protection face six gun justice lynch law,western,action
"Bootlegger Johnny Franks recruits a crude working man called Louis Louie Scorpio as part of the gang of mob boss Richard Newt Newton. Scorpio eventually becomes head of the organization himself. Then he is prosecuted by a secret group of six masked crime fighters, aided by newspaper reporters Carl Luckner and Hank Rogers.",bootlegger johnny franks recruits crude working called louis louie scorpio part gang mob boss richard newt newton scorpio head organization prosecuted secret group six masked crime fighters aided newspaper reporters carl luckner hank rogers,crime,action
"The film's opening intertitle reads: The city and the organisation are never explicitly named, but the protagonist, Johnny McQueen (James Mason), is the IRA-like group's leader in the city. Johnny has been hiding the past six months since his escape from prison in a house occupied by Kathleen Sullivan (Kathleen Ryan) – who loves him – and her grannie. Johnny has been ordered to rob a mill to obtain funds. His men, however, are a bit uneasy about his fitness for the task, having noticed a change in him since his escape; he has expressed his new belief that negotiation might achieve their goals more effectively than violence. Dennis (Robert Beatty) offers to take his place, but Johnny turns him down. Johnny, Nolan (Dan O'Herlihy) and Murphy get the money. As they leave, Johnny is confronted by an armed cashier. Johnny is shot in the left arm before he kills the cashier. Pat (Cyril Cusack) drives off at high speed before Johnny is fully inside the getaway car. Johnny falls off. While his confederates argue about what to do, Johnny gets up and dashes away. Dennis orders the others to report to headquarters. Along the way, however, the trio arouse the suspicion of the police, out in force on a manhunt for the robbers. They are pursued, but get away. Pat and Nolan stop off at Theresa O'Brien's place; Murphy does not trust her and goes elsewhere. She betrays the pair to the authorities. As they leave, they are gunned down after they start shooting. Dennis finds Johnny, but the police show up nearby. Dennis is captured after drawing them away. Johnny makes his way toward Kathleen's place, but collapses in the street. Passersby Maureen and Maudie take him home, thinking he has been struck by a passing lorry. When they discover who he is, Johnny departs and gets into a parked hansom cab. Gin Jimmy (Joseph Tomelty), the cabdriver, comes out and starts looking for a fare, unaware he already has a wanted man for a passenger. When he finds out, he drops Johnny off as quickly as he can. Shell (F. J. McCormick) spots him dumping the now nearly unconscious fugitive. A poor man, he goes to Catholic priest Father Tom (W. G. Fay), hoping for a financial reward. By chance, Kathleen arrives shortly afterward, looking for help. Father Tom persuades Shell to fetch Johnny. Shell, while dropping off his pet bird at home, has to fend off another resident, (the possibly mentally unstable) painter Lukey (Robert Newton), who wants him to pose some more for him. Meanwhile, Johnny revives and stumbles into a private booth in a crowded bar. Proprietor Fencie (William Hartnell) recognises him; wanting no trouble, he closes his establishment a bit early. He then recruits Shell and the persistent Lukey, who have separately converged on the bar, to take Johnny away in a cab. Over Shell's protests, Lukey takes Johnny back to his studio to paint his portrait. Failed medical student Tober (Elwyn Brook-Jones) tends to Johnny's wound as best he can. Johnny hallucinates, thinking Father Tom is talking to him. Johnny then speaks aloud (drooling crazily throughout) parts of 1 Corinthians 13, first verse 13 (When I was a child ...), then 1-2 (Though I speak ... and have not charity, I am nothing.). When a sympathetic police inspector (Denis O'Dea), who had earlier led a search of Katleen's home and warned her against getting involved, shows up to try to get information from Father Tom, Kathleen slips away. She arranges passage on a ship for Johnny and goes searching for him. Shell starts Johnny toward Father Tom's, then goes ahead and encounters Kathleen. She takes Johnny to the ship, but finds the police closing in. Johnny is too far gone to see them. When he asks, Is it far?, Kathleen replies, It's a long way, Johnny, but I'm coming with you. She then draws a gun and starts firing, forcing the policemen to shoot back, killing them both.",film opening intertitle reads city organisation never explicitly named protagonist johnny mcqueen james mason ira like group leader city johnny hiding past six months since escape prison occupied kathleen sullivan kathleen ryan loves grannie johnny ordered rob mill obtain funds men bit uneasy fitness task noticed change since escape expressed belief negotiation might achieve goals effectively than violence dennis robert beatty offers place johnny turns johnny nolan dan o herlihy murphy money leave johnny confronted armed cashier johnny shot left arm kills cashier pat cyril cusack drives high speed johnny fully inside getaway car johnny falls confederates argue do johnny dashes dennis orders others report headquarters along trio arouse suspicion police force manhunt robbers pursued pat nolan stop theresa o brien place murphy trust elsewhere betrays pair authorities leave gunned start shooting dennis johnny police show nearby dennis captured drawing johnny makes toward kathleen place collapses street passersby maureen maudie home thinking struck passing lorry discover johnny departs parked hansom cab gin jimmy joseph tomelty cabdriver starts looking fare unaware already wanted passenger drops johnny quickly shell f j mccormick spots dumping nearly unconscious fugitive poor catholic priest tom w g fay hoping financial reward chance kathleen arrives shortly afterward looking tom persuades shell fetch johnny shell dropping pet bird home fend resident possibly mentally unstable painter lukey robert newton wants pose johnny revives stumbles private booth crowded bar proprietor fencie william hartnell recognises wanting trouble closes establishment bit early recruits shell persistent lukey separately converged bar johnny cab shell protests lukey johnny studio paint portrait failed medical student tober elwyn brook jones tends johnny wound best johnny hallucinates thinking tom talking johnny speaks aloud drooling crazily throughout parts corinthians verse i child though i speak charity i am nothing sympathetic police inspector denis o would ea earlier led search katleen home warned against getting involved shows try information tom kathleen slips arranges passage ship johnny searching shell starts johnny toward tom ahead encounters kathleen johnny ship police closing johnny too far gone see far kathleen replies long johnny i am coming you draws gun starts firing forcing policemen shoot killing,drama,western
"Junior JR Bonner is a rodeo rider who is slightly over the hill. Junior is first seen taping up his injuries after an unsuccessful ride on an ornery bull named Sunshine. He returns home to Prescott, Arizona, for the Independence Day parade and rodeo. When he arrives, the Bonner family home is being bulldozed by his younger brother Curly, an entrepreneur and real-estate developer, in order to build a trailer park. Junior's womanizing, good-for-nothing father, Ace, and down-to-earth, long-suffering mother, Elvira, are estranged. (Note: both Preston and Lupino were born in 1918, making them just twelve years older than McQueen.) Ace dreams of emigrating to Australia to rear sheep and mine gold, but he fails to obtain financing from Junior, who is broke, and refuses to ask Curly for it. After flooring his arrogant brother with a punch, Junior bribes rodeo owner Buck Roan to let him ride Sunshine again, promising him half the prize money. Buck thinks he must be crazy but Junior actually manages to pull it off this time, going the full eight seconds on the bull. Junior walks into a travel agent's office and buys his father a one-way, first-class ticket to Australia. The film's final shot shows JR leaving his hometown, his successful ride on Sunshine continuing to put off the inevitable end of his career.",junior jr bonner rodeo rider slightly hill junior seen taping injuries unsuccessful ride ornery bull named sunshine returns home prescott arizona independence day parade rodeo arrives bonner family home bulldozed younger brother curly entrepreneur real estate developer order build trailer park junior womanizing good nothing ace earth long suffering mother elvira estranged note preston lupino were born making twelve years older than mcqueen ace dreams emigrating australia rear sheep mine gold fails obtain financing junior broke refuses ask curly flooring arrogant brother punch junior bribes rodeo owner buck roan let ride sunshine promising half prize money buck thinks must crazy junior actually manages pull time going full eight seconds bull junior walks travel agent office buys class ticket australia film final shot shows jr leaving hometown successful ride sunshine continuing put inevitable end career,western,drama
"Frank Beardsley is a widowed U.S. Coast Guard admiral who moves back to his hometown his hometown of New London, Connecticut with his 8 kids from his previous marriage. Helen North, a widowed handbag designer with ten kids (four biological, six adopted) takes a more relaxed approach on life. After unexpectedly encountering each other at a restaurant while on separate dates, they do so again at their 30-year high school reunion. Instantly rekindling their old sparks, Frank and Helen quickly decide to marry in a private ceremony, to the Beardsley and North kids' shock. They move into a new home on the same property where they shared their first kiss, joined by the North children's numerous pets (including a pot-bellied pig and a hamster), and Frank's housekeeper, Mrs. Munion. It soon becomes apparent that Frank has a very regimented view of how things should be done, whereas Helen is an artist (a designer by trade) with a more free-spirited, lackadaisical attitude. Their respective children are shocked by the news of their parents' quick wedding and do not get along well at first, even turning a planned lighthouse renovation project into an all-out paint fight. Frank's oldest son, William, calls a meeting among his siblings and explains that they can better rid themselves of their new situation by joining forces to make their parents' respective philosophical differences apparent, which will cause them to fight. But while doing so, they gradually begin to bond, attending their siblings' soccer games and helping William in his class president campaign. A short time later, Frank and Helen attend a formal Coast Guard dinner where his superior, Commandant Sherman, officially offers him the opportunity to be his successor. He respectfully declines it, citing both his obligation to the Coast Guard Academy and his new family. Meanwhile, as the young children have a food fight upstairs in the bedroom, the older ones throw a wild party downstairs. When their parents return to find the place in total chaos, Frank is furious and Helen's more laid-back approach only angers him more. This causes their worst fight yet, and the children, realizing how happy their parents have been together, begin to realize that they might have pushed things too far. The next day, Frank informs Helen that he has decided to take the position as Commandant after all, and they schedule a family meeting to inform the children. As the children return home from school, jubilant over having defended their younger siblings from bullies and with the news of William having won the class election, Frank quickly deflates the mood by telling them of his decision to accept the new position. Feeling guilty for having torn their parents apart, they set about undoing their mistakes, even enlisting Helen to aid in their efforts. Together, the older ones launch the family's boat in an effort to catch Frank (thereby fulfilling his previous dream of having an all-family sailing team that failed earlier), but he is convinced that Helen no longer wants to be with him, until he sees her turn on the lighthouse spotlight (a reference to a story Frank had told her about a beautiful female lighthouse keeper). Successfully reunited, they tie the knot once again, this time with the children involved.",frank beardsley widowed u s coast guard admiral moves hometown hometown london connecticut kids previous marriage helen north widowed handbag designer ten kids four biological six adopted relaxed approach life unexpectedly encountering each restaurant separate dates do year high school reunion instantly rekindling old sparks frank helen quickly decide marry private ceremony beardsley north kids shock move home same property shared kiss joined north children numerous pets including pot bellied pig hamster frank housekeeper mrs munion apparent frank very regimented view how things should done whereas helen artist designer trade free spirited lackadaisical attitude respective children shocked news parents quick wedding do along well even turning planned lighthouse renovation project paint fight frank oldest son william calls meeting among siblings explains better rid themselves situation joining forces parents respective philosophical differences apparent cause fight doing gradually begin bond attending siblings soccer games helping william class president campaign short time frank helen attend formal coast guard dinner superior commandant sherman officially offers opportunity successor respectfully declines citing obligation coast guard academy family young children food fight upstairs bedroom older ones throw wild party downstairs parents return find place total chaos frank furious helen laid approach angers causes worst fight yet children realizing how happy parents together begin realize might pushed things too far day frank informs helen decided position commandant schedule family meeting inform children children return home school jubilant defended younger siblings bullies news william won class election frank quickly deflates mood telling decision accept position feeling guilty torn parents apart set undoing mistakes even enlisting helen aid efforts together older ones launch family boat effort catch frank thereby fulfilling previous dream family sailing team failed earlier convinced helen longer wants until sees turn lighthouse spotlight reference story frank told beautiful female lighthouse keeper successfully reunited tie knot once time children involved,comedy,drama
"English industrialist Richard Howard (Eric Portman) visits Bordeaux , France to buy cotton for his mills from Sarah Bonheur (Sally Gray), He becomes enamoured by Sarah and spends much of his business trip sight-seeing. When his younger brother, John (Patrick Holt] arrives to close the deal, he also is attracted to Sarah, and after a whirlwind courtship, marries her. When living a lonely existence in John's grand house in Manchester, England, Sarah confides to Richard that she is depressed by her marriage. Richard encourages her to divorce John and run off with him. Sarah consults a lawyer, but finally ignores Richard's advice, and somehow reconciles with her husband. Seeking revenge, Richard then poisons his brother and attempts to frame Sarah for the murder. Dr. White (James Hayter) is suspicious of the circumstances behind John’s rapid decline, and after his death, Sarah’s purchase of arsenic casts suspicion on her. In standing trial for murder, Richard defends Sarah thinking he will win her love, but she is found guilty. Another suitor, Jerome Thorn (Dermot Walsh), is convinced he knows the identity of the poisoner, and comes to Sarah's aid.",english industrialist richard howard eric portman visits bordeaux france buy cotton mills sarah bonheur sally gray enamoured sarah spends much business trip sight seeing younger brother john patrick holt arrives close deal attracted sarah whirlwind courtship marries living lonely existence john grand manchester england sarah confides richard depressed marriage richard encourages divorce john run sarah consults lawyer finally ignores richard advice somehow reconciles husband seeking revenge richard poisons brother attempts frame sarah murder dr white james hayter suspicious circumstances behind john s rapid decline death sarah s purchase arsenic casts suspicion standing trial murder richard defends sarah thinking win love found guilty suitor jerome thorn dermot walsh convinced knows identity poisoner sarah aid,crime,drama
"Viktor Sumarokov – experienced thief-recidivist nicknamed Sumrak is a person of authority to all prisoners. Yevgeny Koltsov is a former Ministry of Internal Affairs employee who is a well-deserved hero for courageous fighting in Chechnya. As a result of carelessness, he accidentally hurts a venal colleague. When the former lawman becomes imprisoned, chief of the penitentiary, lieutenant colonel UFSIN Vyshkin comes to Sumrak with a request to protect Koltsov from the threats of prisoners. The ringleader's closest aide learns that he wants to protect Koltsov (since the higher authorities have arrived for a holiday arranged on the premises, and problems connected with the death of the prisoner-militiaman would be detrimental) and using the promise of an early release he persuades another inmate authority, Shaman, to start a commotion and remove Koltsov with the goal being to undermine Vyshkin. A fight begins in which Koltsov gets wounded and he is taken to the hospital together with wounded Sumarokov. Having recovered himself in the hospital, Koltsov realizes that he can not survive in the zone until Shaman retreats. Then he asks his combat friend, commander of the special forces of the Federal Penitentiary Service Sergey Gagarin, to help him escape from the hospital. In the process of suppressing the riot in the zone, Sumarokov is wounded by special forces. Koltsov trusts Sumrak and takes him along. Gagarin hides the runaway convicts in a pioneer camp by the name of Shipboy where there is a shortage of male leaders. Now they call themselves Victor Sergeevich Romashkin and Yevgeny Dmitrievich Ubegaev. Children, honoring the pioneer traditions, mock their superiors in whichever way they can. However in attempts to make their squad the best and win a trip to St. Petersburg, the former convicts discover qualities in themselves which they never suspected before ...",viktor sumarokov experienced thief recidivist nicknamed sumrak person authority prisoners yevgeny koltsov former ministry internal affairs employee well deserved hero courageous fighting chechnya result carelessness accidentally hurts venal colleague former lawman imprisoned chief penitentiary lieutenant colonel ufsin vyshkin sumrak request protect koltsov threats prisoners ringleader closest aide learns wants protect koltsov since higher authorities arrived holiday arranged premises problems connected death prisoner militiaman would detrimental using promise early release persuades inmate authority shaman start commotion remove koltsov goal undermine vyshkin fight koltsov wounded taken hospital together wounded sumarokov recovered hospital koltsov realizes survive zone until shaman retreats combat friend commander special forces federal penitentiary service sergey gagarin escape hospital process suppressing riot zone sumarokov wounded special forces koltsov trusts sumrak along gagarin hides runaway convicts pioneer camp name shipboy shortage male leaders call themselves victor sergeevich romashkin yevgeny dmitrievich ubegaev children honoring pioneer traditions mock superiors whichever attempts squad best win trip st petersburg former convicts discover qualities themselves never suspected,comedy,action
"The film's storyline revolves around two men: Tomy Eeppan Devassy and Sreekumar. Jayaram plays Sreekumar, a character who does all the domestic work expected from a wife in normal course. Into this peaceful world enters Tomy (Suresh Gopi) disrupting the domestic bliss and bringing out an unexpected twist. With his arrival everything goes haywire in Sreekumar’s life and he reaches a position where he can no longer be with his family. The film unravels the mysterious past of both the characters finding the cause behind their unusual demeanor.[3][4]",film storyline revolves around men tomy eeppan devassy sreekumar jayaram plays sreekumar character domestic work expected wife normal course peaceful world enters tomy suresh gopi disrupting domestic bliss bringing unexpected twist arrival everything haywire sreekumar s life reaches position longer family film unravels mysterious past characters finding cause behind unusual demeanor,action,romance
"The Rider arrives on his advanced motorcycle with its artificial intelligence computer Einstein. He crashes but manages to pass through the wall of illusion and is found and brought back to health by the Enlightened Elders. They have chosen him to lead their fight against the evil Omega, an Orwellian state run by the evil Prossor. The Elders are allied with the resistance movement, the Outsiders. The Rider first helps Nastasia and the other Outsiders by rescuing McWayne, Nastasia's father and leader of the Outsiders. While the Rider and McWayne successfully escape, Nastasia is captured and subjected to brainwashing by Prossor. The Rider gains acceptance from various Marginals (amazons, martial artists, truckers, punks, soldiers, Omega defectors) by winning in the ritual brawl which determines who is the strongest. The Rider and the Outsiders launch their final attack on Prossor's regime, but are intercepted by the Omegas and a giant armored truck, called Megaweapon. As the rebels destroy the Omega patrols with their cars (Ford Taunus TCs), helicopters and tankers, the Rider manages to destroy the Megaweapon by short circuiting it, but not before his speedcycle is crushed under the truck's wheels. The Rider and McWayne storm Prossor's headquarters where they face the dictator and a brainwashed Nastasia. She wounds the Rider, but when ordered to kill her father, she rebels, turning on Prossor and shooting him instead. The Omega has been overthrown, and the Outsiders and Marginals celebrate, as the Rider prepares to move on with his repaired speedcycle. In a twist, it is revealed that the man Nastasia shot was actually a cyborg clone and the real Prossor is still alive. He flies away with an unnamed traitor of the New Way (Fred Williamson), plotting revenge against the animals that defeated him.",rider arrives advanced motorcycle artificial intelligence computer einstein crashes manages pass wall illusion found brought health enlightened elders chosen lead fight against evil omega orwellian state run evil prossor elders allied resistance movement outsiders rider helps nastasia outsiders rescuing mcwayne nastasia leader outsiders rider mcwayne successfully escape nastasia captured subjected brainwashing prossor rider gains acceptance various marginals amazons martial artists truckers punks soldiers omega defectors winning ritual brawl determines strongest rider outsiders launch final attack prossor regime intercepted omegas giant armored truck called megaweapon rebels destroy omega patrols cars ford taunus tcs helicopters tankers rider manages destroy megaweapon short circuiting speedcycle crushed under truck wheels rider mcwayne storm prossor headquarters face dictator brainwashed nastasia wounds rider ordered kill rebels turning prossor shooting instead omega overthrown outsiders marginals celebrate rider prepares move repaired speedcycle twist revealed nastasia shot actually cyborg clone real prossor alive flies unnamed traitor fred williamson plotting revenge against animals defeated,sci-fi,action
"Six friends, Christian, David, Kate, Johnny, Sara, and Melody, are traveling in an R.V. to get to the wedding of their friend, Kelly, in Galveston, Texas. However they become lost in a small town called Lovelock, and decide to spend the night at the local bed and breakfast, owned by the creepy Mr. Wise. While staying, the group insult the chef, Henri, causing an argument to break out. After everyone goes to bed, David goes to the kitchen to get a snack, only to discover Henri brutally murdered, before Mr Wise suffers a heart attack. With the phone line broken it takes until morning for the Sheriff, and his Deputy, Enus, to be summoned for help. The Sheriff is quick to suspect the group, and takes the keys to the R.V. away, so they can not leave the town until the investigation is over. The group goes into town, while the Sheriff arrests a mysterious drifter, who quickly becomes the prime suspect. The drifter warns Christian and Sara of ancient exotic wooden box, that Sara realizes belongs to Mr Wise. However it is too late, as Johnny arrives back at the bed & breakfast and opens the box, unleashing the Kuman Thong which possesses him, causing him to savagely murder various people. Meanwhile, Christian and Sara meet town local Lisa Belmont (Miranda Bailey) who swears she saw Mr Wise dig up the body of his dead son and perform a form of black magic on the body. Sara and Christian return to the bed & breakfast and discover Johnny has opened the box. Sara and Christian alert the Sheriff, who drives them to a local party, that David, Kate and Melody are attending with the rest of the town folk. The possessed Johnny arrives and a bloody massacre ensues, with the town folk, including Enus, becoming zombies as Johnny puts various body parts of his victims in the box. In the chaos, Christian is decapitated as David, Kate, Sara and Melody escape with the Sheriff in a truck. They accidentally run over the drifter, knocking him unconscious after he escapes from his prison cell. Taking him with them, the radiator soon blows in the truck, forcing the group to take shelter in the bed & breakfast. They gather weapons, before the drifter tells them they must retrieve the body of Mr Wise to kill Johnny. The zombies arrive at the bed & breakfast and the group fend them off, before the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter sneak out the back door to retrieve the bones of Mr Wise. At the bed & breakfast, the zombies retrieve some of David's blood that was on the step of the house, placing it in the box causing him to become possessed. David beats Kate to death with a metal pole, before attacking Sara. However Sara manages to kill David with a chainsaw. At the cemetery, the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter retrieve the body of Mr Wise and perform a black magic spell, taking the bones from the body. As they travel to the bed & breakfast they encounter a group of zombies. The Sheriff has his neck snapped, killing him, before Lisa arrives and rescues the drifter and Melody, who continue on to the bed & breakfast. Meanwhile, at the bed & breakfast, the zombies break in. Sara fights them, but is soon cornered. The drifter, and Melody arrive outside, where Melody shoots Johnny through the heart with a bone from the body of Mr Wise, killing him and the other zombies. Sara reunites with Melody and the drifter, and together they leave Lovelock in their R.V.",six friends christian david kate johnny sara melody traveling r v wedding friend kelly galveston texas become lost small town called lovelock decide spend night local bed breakfast owned creepy mr wise staying group insult chef henri causing argument break everyone bed david kitchen snack discover henri brutally murdered mr wise suffers heart attack phone line broken until morning sheriff deputy enus summoned sheriff quick suspect group keys r v leave town until investigation group town sheriff arrests mysterious drifter quickly prime suspect drifter warns christian sara ancient exotic wooden box sara realizes belongs mr wise too late johnny arrives bed breakfast opens box unleashing kuman thong possesses causing savagely murder various people christian sara meet town local lisa belmont miranda bailey swears saw mr wise dig body dead son perform form black magic body sara christian return bed breakfast discover johnny opened box sara christian alert sheriff drives local party david kate melody attending rest town folk possessed johnny arrives bloody massacre ensues town folk including enus becoming zombies johnny puts various body parts victims box chaos christian decapitated david kate sara melody escape sheriff truck accidentally run drifter knocking unconscious escapes prison cell taking radiator blows truck forcing group shelter bed breakfast gather weapons drifter must retrieve body mr wise kill johnny zombies arrive bed breakfast group fend sheriff melody drifter sneak door retrieve bones mr wise bed breakfast zombies retrieve david blood step placing box causing become possessed david beats kate death metal pole attacking sara sara manages kill david chainsaw cemetery sheriff melody drifter retrieve body mr wise perform black magic spell taking bones body travel bed breakfast encounter group zombies sheriff neck snapped killing lisa arrives rescues drifter melody continue bed breakfast bed breakfast zombies break sara fights cornered drifter melody arrive outside melody shoots johnny heart bone body mr wise killing zombies sara reunites melody drifter together leave lovelock r v,comedy,horror
"Rajkumar Banerjee /Raja (Jeet) and Joy (Indrajit Chakraborty) are professional assassins and partners. They charge Rs. 15 million per assassination. Amarnath Ganguly is a party leader and wants to stage his own attempted assassination to garner the sympathy vote in the upcoming election. His colleague Shubhankar Banerjee(Biplab Chatterjee) hooks him up with Raja. Ganguly is killed by someone else. Police immediately surround the skyscraper. Raja is about the exit the building when there is a car accident with his car. Raja assumes that Joy has died in the accident. Raja goes to the top of the building with the police in pursuit. A passing train offers Raja an escape with a rope to land on the train. Raja meets Shibu (Atanu Mukherjee) who reveals that he ran away from his village, Ganganagar, when he was young; he is now returning to his village. The police site Raja but shoot Shibu. Raja escapes to Ganganagar. Shibhu's family believes Raja to be their son and accept him. A CBI officer, Salim Ali Khan (Sharad Kapoor) is investigating Ganguly's murder, believes that Raja is responsible, and comes across the Raja/Shibu connection. He tries getting Raja's fingerprints but is outsmarted. Clues implicate Joy. There is in Ganganagar a wedding of Shibu's niece, the CBI come to believe there has been a Raja/Shibu change, and Raga is a murder suspect. Raja flees, the CBI leave, and he returns to explain what is going on. The family shows no interest in helping Raja to find the real assassin but grandfather (Biswajit Chakraborty) gives Raja a gun. Raja calls Shubhankar Banerjee and demands to know who killed Ganguly. Banerjee refuses but Raja tells him that their conversation has been recorded, and Banerjee reveals everything. Joy killed Ganguly for Rs. 20 million. He faked his death by sending a drunkard in the car at the time of the accident. Raja leaves for the old church, where Joy is. Raja and Joy meet and Raja has the gun loaded before Joy. But the same policemen who killed Shibu barge in. Raja kills them all, including Joy. Raja gives the recording to the CBI officer. The CBI officer goes directly to Banerjee's office, tells him that he will hand him over to the police, and Banerjee tells him that he has no concrete evidence. The CBI officer reveals the recording is evidence enough for Ganguly's hot headed son, who has vowed vengeance for his father's death. Trapped without any recourse, Banerjee commits suicide. Raja released Shibu's ashes and the CBI officer lets him go to Shibu's family, where he stays forever.",rajkumar banerjee raja jeet joy indrajit chakraborty professional assassins partners charge rs million per assassination amarnath ganguly party leader wants stage attempted assassination garner sympathy vote upcoming election colleague shubhankar banerjee biplab chatterjee hooks raja ganguly killed someone else police immediately surround skyscraper raja exit building car accident car raja assumes joy died accident raja top building police pursuit passing train offers raja escape rope land train raja meets shibu atanu mukherjee reveals ran village ganganagar young returning village police site raja shoot shibu raja escapes ganganagar shibhu family believes raja son accept cbi officer salim ali khan sharad kapoor investigating ganguly murder believes raja responsible across raja shibu connection getting raja fingerprints outsmarted clues implicate joy ganganagar wedding shibu niece cbi believe raja shibu change raga murder suspect raja flees cbi leave returns explain going family shows interest helping raja find real assassin grandfather biswajit chakraborty gives raja gun raja calls shubhankar banerjee demands know killed ganguly banerjee refuses raja conversation recorded banerjee reveals everything joy killed ganguly rs million faked death sending drunkard car time accident raja leaves old church joy raja joy meet raja gun loaded joy same policemen killed shibu barge raja kills including joy raja gives recording cbi officer cbi officer directly banerjee office hand police banerjee concrete evidence cbi officer reveals recording evidence enough ganguly hot headed son vowed vengeance death trapped without any recourse banerjee commits suicide raja released shibu ashes cbi officer lets shibu family stays forever,drama,action
"Fikret (Fikret Portakal) earns a living by selling roses on the Bosporus Bridge. He also tries working in a restaurant, but it is not an improvement. Umut (Umut İlker) is a dolmuş driver on the Taksim-Bostancı route. He and his girlfriend struggle to pay their apartment rent from their combined wages. Murat (Murat Tokgöz) is traffic policeman on the Bosporus Bridge. He has dates with women he knows from chatting on internet. Some women are disappointed about his low wages. The lives and dreams of these three men who live in the ghettos of the big city intersect unknowingly every day with each other's and those of millions of Istanbulites on the Bosporus Bridge, the heart of the city.",fikret fikret portakal earns living selling roses bosporus bridge working restaurant improvement umut umut i lker dolmu driver taksim bostanc route girlfriend struggle pay apartment rent combined wages murat murat tokg z traffic policeman bosporus bridge dates women knows chatting internet women disappointed low wages lives dreams these three men live ghettos big city intersect unknowingly every day each those millions istanbulites bosporus bridge heart city,drama,comedy
"Shikari is the story of Shankar (Mithun Chakraborty), who earns his living by doing road shows along with Chanchal. One time Shankar happens to see a circus poster featuring Natasha (Irina Kushnareva), and after this he begins to dream of working with her. By chance Shankar receives an offer to work in a Russian circus troupe where Natasha is also employed.",shikari story shankar mithun chakraborty earns living doing road shows along chanchal time shankar happens see circus poster featuring natasha irina kushnareva dream working chance shankar receives offer work russian circus troupe natasha employed,action,drama
"Esra, Didem and Zeynep are three close friends who live together, but have very different lives, When Zeynep gets engaged, Esra decides to get away from her job and begin a new life. She gets a job at an advertising company. She becomes interested in the company's Creative Director Mert, while Didem becomes interested in Mert's close friend Cem, who is an actor.",esra didem zeynep three close friends live together very different lives zeynep engaged esra decides job begin life job advertising company interested company creative director mert didem interested mert close friend cem actor,comedy,romance
"During the Bosnian War, American troops witness atrocities and then shoot Serbians they hold accountable for them. In present day Belgrade, Serbia, former Scorpions soldier Emil Kovač (Travolta), who survived the shootings, meets his informant to retrieve a file on American military veteran and former NATO operative Colonel Benjamin Ford (De Niro). Ford has fled to a cabin retreat somewhere in the Appalachian Mountains, to forget the war. Now a recluse, he meets Kovač, posing as a European tourist, during a hunting trip. The two men become friendly, until Kovač reveals his true identity. Intent on revenge, he initiates a gory game of cat-and-mouse with Ford. The latter is badly injured but is quick to rebound. After a showdown, Kovač is overpowered by Ford. They reach a peaceful compromise, however, after understanding each other's predicament. Kovač quietly returns to Serbia, while Ford visits his son, to make up for missing his grandson's baptism.",bosnian war american troops witness atrocities shoot serbians hold accountable present day belgrade serbia former scorpions soldier emil kova travolta survived shootings meets informant retrieve file american military veteran former nato operative colonel benjamin ford de niro ford fled cabin retreat somewhere appalachian mountains forget war recluse meets kova posing european tourist hunting trip men become friendly until kova reveals true identity intent revenge initiates gory game cat mouse ford latter badly injured quick rebound showdown kova overpowered ford reach peaceful compromise understanding each predicament kova quietly returns serbia ford visits son missing grandson baptism,action,western
"The film starts with Doug (Colin Hanks) seeking out his next prey. He becomes obsessed with a woman named Amy (Ana Claudia Talancón), and sneaks numerous spy cameras in her apartment. By doing this, he's able to learn details of her life, and what he learns about things like her musical and film tastes he uses to seduce her.[1] He meets her at a coffee shop a few times and strikes up conversations with her. The two become friends,[1] but it seems as though Amy isn't interested in continuing the relationship further. Using what he learns about her through the cameras, he gets her fired from her job by breaking into her car, stealing her computer and stops her burgeoning relationship with a co-worker. When he visits her apartment, Amy's friend is suspicious of him, especially when she asks him about a section of Seattle—where he says he's from—that doesn't even exist. She becomes so suspicious of Doug that she begins asking around about him. Doug, sensing that the truth about him might be uncovered, murders the roommate, and then comforts Amy as she's grieving. The two begin getting romantic one night and are about to have sex, but Doug can't get an erection. By the time he says he's able to perform, Amy tells him she can't because she doesn't want to wind up hurting his feelings. Amy then discovers that Doug installed a spy camera in her bedroom when he makes a remark about her masturbating. After a struggle, Doug eventually kills Amy. The film ends with Doug seeking out his next prey.",film starts doug colin hanks seeking prey obsessed woman named amy ana claudia talanc n sneaks numerous spy cameras apartment doing able learn details life learns things like musical film tastes uses seduce meets coffee shop few times strikes conversations become friends seems though amy interested continuing relationship further using learns cameras fired job breaking car stealing computer stops burgeoning relationship co worker visits apartment amy friend suspicious especially section seattle says even exist suspicious doug asking around doug sensing truth might uncovered murders roommate comforts amy grieving begin getting romantic night sex doug erection time says able perform amy want wind hurting feelings amy discovers doug installed spy camera bedroom makes remark masturbating struggle doug kills amy film ends doug seeking prey,horror,comedy
"The story revolves around two spoiled youngsters: Jones Isaac (Dulquer Salmaan) and his cousin Korah (Jacob Gregory). Johns is the son of a billionaire named Isaac (Lalu Alex) who is settled in New York, while Korah's mother left for Paris with her new husband. Johns and Korah enjoy their luxurious life by driving luxurious cars, going to pubs etc. Issac decides to sent them to India , telling them its a vacation, Issac then blocks their Card , by which they starts living through poverty of Kerala, where they become famous.",story revolves around spoiled youngsters jones isaac dulquer salmaan cousin korah jacob gregory johns son billionaire named isaac lalu alex settled york korah mother left paris husband johns korah enjoy luxurious life driving luxurious cars going pubs etc issac decides sent india telling vacation issac blocks card starts living poverty kerala become famous,comedy,romance
"In K-On! in an unspecified part of Japan, four Japanese high school girls join the light music club of the all-girls private Sakuragaoka High School to try to save it from being disbanded. However, they are the only members of the club. At first, Yui Hirasawa has no experience playing musical instruments or reading sheet music, but she eventually becomes an excellent guitar player. From then on, Yui, along with bassist Mio Akiyama, drummer Ritsu Tainaka, and keyboardist Tsumugi Kotobuki spend their school days practicing, performing, and hanging out together. The club is overseen by music teacher Sawako Yamanaka who eventually becomes their homeroom teacher as well during their final year of high school. In their second year, the club welcomes another guitarist, underclassman Azusa Nakano. After Azusa joins they gain more structure and begin to practice more. After their third year, Yui, Mio, Ritsu and Tsumugi graduate and enroll into a university. There they join its light music club alongside three other students: Akira Wada, Ayame Yoshida, and Sachi Hayashi. Meanwhile, Azusa continues to run the high school light music club alongside Yui's sister Ui, their classmate Jun Suzuki, and new members Sumire Saitō and Nao Okuda.",k unspecified part japan four japanese high school girls join light music club girls private sakuragaoka high school try save disbanded members club yui hirasawa experience playing musical instruments or reading sheet music excellent guitar player yui along bassist mio akiyama drummer ritsu tainaka keyboardist tsumugi kotobuki spend school days practicing performing hanging together club overseen music teacher sawako yamanaka homeroom teacher well final year high school second year club welcomes guitarist underclassman azusa nakano azusa joins gain structure begin practice third year yui mio ritsu tsumugi graduate enroll university join light music club alongside three students akira wada ayame yoshida sachi hayashi azusa continues run high school light music club alongside yui sister ui classmate jun suzuki members sumire sait nao okuda,animation,comedy
"Anne Crandall succeeds her husband as mayor of Brookhaven, Vermont, when he dies. She takes her duties as mayor seriously, and after five years of faithful service, her father-in-law, Jonathan Crandall, begins to worry about her health and her social life since she spends most of her waking hours at the office. Jonathan interprets a lightning bolt's beheading a statue of the former mayor as a sign from his late son that enough is enough. Despite this, Anne travels to New York City to commission a new statue of her late husband from a sculptor, George Corday. Her life takes a curve when she meets the sculptor, who is very interested in this soulful young woman, whom he finds out has been married to a much older man. George takes Anne out to dinner and they are attracted to each other. Anne even helps George win a bet that he can guess her weight, by adjusting the scale. Later they go to Leonardo's, a nightclub where a striptease show is in progress, featuring dancer Gilda La Verne. The evening with George moves Anne's circles, and she is upset about his observations and thoughts about her previous life. Eventually she spills food on her dress, and goes to the ladies' room to attend to the spot. She takes off her dress to be cleaned; while it is being ironed by a helpful attendant, the police raid the club. Gilda flees to the ladies' room, snatches up the dress, and escapes through a window. When the police enter the room, they mistake Anne for the stripper, and arrest her. A horde of newspaper photographers follow the police, and Anne gets her picture taken, half-naked, covering her face, claiming her name is P. Borat Sosa – a name she saw somewhere in George's studio. Anne returns to Brookhaven and tells everyone that the sculptor was too busy to make the sculpture. Jonathan is not so easily fooled, and asks Anne many questions about her whereabouts and business in the city. Eventually she admits where she was and that she was arrested for indecency. Her stepdaughter Diana, who was really keen on the making of a new sculpture, is very disappointed when she hears the news. Anne tries to avoid further suspicion about her dealings with the sculptor by describing him as an ugly old man. Unfortunately George turns up at the Crandall home, and charms both Diana and Jonathan, and they invite him to stay with them until the sculpture is finished. Anne makes a deal with George, that he keep quiet about the arrest if he can work on the statue for one week. While the work progresses, both Anne and Diana become more and more attracted to George, behaving stranger and stranger to catch his attention. When Anne and George are at the stonecutter's, a rainstorm makes them take cover under a statue of Cupid. George tells Anne he is in love with her and tries to kiss her, but Diana arrives in a car to take them both home. Later that evening, George tells Jonathan about his love for Anne, and Jonathan confides that Anne has promised Diana never to remarry. George is prompted to ask Diana's permission to pursue Anne. George tries to talk to Diana, but she mistakes his talk about love and marriage as a declaration of love towards her instead. Diana soon tells the others about her engagement to George, and her boyfriend Gilbert Parker goes to Anne for advice. They decide to make Diana jealous with Anne faking being in love with Gilbert. Jonathan tries to throw Anne and George in each other's arms, by telling Anne's major opponent in the mayoral elections, Morton Buchanan, about Anne's arrest in New York. The next day the story is in the papers, and Diana realizes that Anne and George had something going back in the city. Diana tells George to marry Anne and make an honest woman of her. Despite the story of the arrest, the townspeople elect Anne as mayor. George, having completed the statue, goes back to New York City. On a stormy night, Anne and Jonathan gets into an argument about her letting George go. Another lightning bolt hits and beheads the statue. The townspeople interpret this a sign for Anne to step down. She does, and then rejoices at her new freedom. But Jessie, the housekeeper, tells Jonathan that George made the statue so that the head would fall off. Anne goes to New York to reconcile with George, but in the hall outside his door, she overhears him telling his model how he rigged the statue, and turns away. But then thunder and lightning erupt outside, and Anne turns again toward George's door.[1]",anne crandall succeeds husband mayor brookhaven vermont dies duties mayor seriously five years faithful service law jonathan crandall worry health social life since spends most waking hours office jonathan interprets lightning bolt beheading statue former mayor sign late son enough enough despite anne travels york city commission statue late husband sculptor george corday life curve meets sculptor very interested soulful young woman whom married much older george anne dinner attracted each anne even helps george win bet guess weight adjusting scale leonardo nightclub striptease show progress featuring dancer gilda la verne evening george moves anne circles upset observations thoughts previous life spills food dress ladies room attend spot dress cleaned ironed helpful attendant police raid club gilda flees ladies room snatches dress escapes window police enter room mistake anne stripper arrest horde newspaper photographers follow police anne picture taken half naked covering face claiming name p borat sosa name saw somewhere george studio anne returns brookhaven everyone sculptor too busy sculpture jonathan easily fooled anne many questions whereabouts business city admits arrested indecency stepdaughter diana really keen making sculpture very disappointed hears news anne avoid further suspicion dealings sculptor describing ugly old unfortunately george turns crandall home charms diana jonathan invite stay until sculpture finished anne makes deal george keep quiet arrest work statue week work progresses anne diana become attracted george behaving stranger stranger catch attention anne george stonecutter rainstorm makes cover under statue cupid george anne love kiss diana arrives car home evening george jonathan love anne jonathan confides anne promised diana never remarry george prompted ask diana permission pursue anne george talk diana mistakes talk love marriage declaration love towards instead diana others engagement george boyfriend gilbert parker anne advice decide diana jealous anne faking love gilbert jonathan throw anne george each arms telling anne major opponent mayoral elections morton buchanan anne arrest york day story papers diana realizes anne george something going city diana george marry anne honest woman despite story arrest townspeople elect anne mayor george completed statue york city stormy night anne jonathan argument letting george lightning bolt hits beheads statue townspeople interpret sign anne step rejoices freedom jessie housekeeper jonathan george made statue head would fall anne york reconcile george hall outside door overhears telling model how rigged statue turns thunder lightning erupt outside anne turns toward george door,romance,drama
"In this film, Mukesh plays the role of Advocate Lakshmanan, a specialist in divorce cases who appears in court only on behalf of women. His intentions are to help helpless women and he also runs a pickle company named 'Ladies Only', where he employs the women who find themselves alone after divorce. Lakshmanan frequently gets calls from an unknown lady congratulating him after every win in court. Initially he is frustrated by these calls but later starts enjoying her calls. He later understands that this girl is ‘Annie’ (Mallika Kapoor), a college lecturer in a city college and she is being threatened by a guy named Alex (ashokan), who always calls her on the phone. Alex even kidnaps the girl from where Lakshmanan saves her. Lakshmanan soon marries her in an attempt that he thinks will save the girl as well. When he wakes up the next morning, he find that Annie is missing. He gets a call from Alex who says Annie is with him. When Lakshmanan reaches the place which Alex says the understand that Annie is the sister-in-law of Alex, both of whom have a grudge against Lakshmanan because he was behind the divorce case of Alex and his wife. Alex's wife was found dead after a few days of marriage and they all blame it on Lakshmanan. A few days later, Alex is hospitalized following a murder attempt and Lakshmanan starts investigating on this and finds that Alex's business partner is behind the murder of Alex's wife. Also a now reformed Lakshmanan realizes his folly in separating a lot of couples.",film mukesh plays role advocate lakshmanan specialist divorce cases appears court behalf women intentions helpless women runs pickle company named ladies employs women find themselves alone divorce lakshmanan frequently calls unknown lady congratulating every win court initially frustrated these calls starts enjoying calls understands girl annie mallika kapoor college lecturer city college threatened guy named alex ashokan always calls phone alex even kidnaps girl lakshmanan saves lakshmanan marries attempt thinks save girl well wakes morning find annie missing call alex says annie lakshmanan reaches place alex says understand annie sister law alex whom grudge against lakshmanan behind divorce case alex wife alex wife found dead few days marriage blame lakshmanan few days alex hospitalized following murder attempt lakshmanan starts investigating alex business partner behind murder alex wife reformed lakshmanan realizes folly separating lot couples,comedy,drama
"On a wet rainy night in Chicago, police officer Sharon Pogue is at the scene of a serious traffic accident holding the hand of one of the victims, pleading that he hold on and not give up. One year later, Sharon is frustrated with the men she dates, and has become estranged from her family for having her father arrested for beating her mother Josephine. Her father and brother, Larry, have never forgiven her, and her anger is affecting her police work. A man known only as Catch wanders the streets of Chicago in a trance-like state, doing good deeds for strangers and neighbors. One day he sees Sharon at a diner and watches her from across the street, and she notices him watching her. Just then a car pulls up and blasts the diner with machine gun fire, and Sharon and her partner chase after the criminals. Sharon catches up with one criminal and in the ensuing struggle, he gets her gun and shoots her twice in the chest. Seeing that she is protected by her bulletproof vest, he prepares to shoot her in the head, but Catch jumps the man and knocks the gun away, saving her life. That night, Sharon and Catch meet at a tavern and have a drink. A grateful Sharon tries to learn more about Catch, but he does not talk about himself. Sharon invites him to her apartment, and after some awkward moments between the two, they share a kiss. Catch abruptly stops and leaves the apartment, leaving Sharon confused. The next evening Sharon finds a dandelion taped to her mailbox with Catch's phone number. She calls and awkwardly invites him to breakfast at a coffee shop the next morning. When Sharon wakes up, she has second thoughts and calls Catch to cancel their breakfast date. Catch is already at the coffee shop and never gets the message. Upset at being stood up, he goes to Sharon's apartment and criticizes her for not showing up for her appointment, and then storms out. Sharon follows him to his nearly empty apartment. Surprised at the living conditions, she demands to know more about him, but Catch refuses to reveal anything about his past. He only says that he is starting from scratch. Following the advice of his mother-in-law Elanora, Catch calls Sharon and apologizes, and the two continue seeing each other. They go on a lakeside picnic in a state park and share a romantic swim, after which they make passionate love on the shore. In the coming days, Catch is there to comfort her after a family confrontation. His positive influence begins to show in her police work. One night they go to a blues club, and after the band has played a number, Catch notices a trumpet sitting on the bandstand. He picks up the trumpet and starts to play a soulful version of the tune Nature Boy. As they're leaving, the owner approaches him, calling him Steve Lambert, and asking where's he's been. Catch denies even knowing the man and walks away. The next day, Sharon investigates the name Steven Lambert in the police files and discovers that he is the man whose hand she held at the site of a traffic accident a year earlier, and that Catch's wife and child died in the accident. She goes to the house he abandoned after the accident and learns that he was a jazz musician and that the accident occurred on his son's birthday, causing Catch to create a mental block. Wanting to help Catch heal from his emotional wounds, she tries to talk to him about the accident and takes him to the cemetery to see the graves of his family, but he gets very upset and walks away. Sharon visits Elanora who is actually Catch's former mother-in-law. Sharon is looking for some way of helping the man she loves, and Elanora encourages patience and tells Sharon that Catch will find his way in his own time. At her parents' wedding vow renewal ceremony, Sharon tries talking to her father but he tells her that he feels like he doesn't have a daughter. As Sharon starts to leave, she stops and tells the videographer a wonderful story about her father playing with her and her brother when they were children. She is deeply moved by this memory. Her father overhears it and is also emotionally affected, but when Sharon looks at him, he turns away. Meanwhile, Catch finally goes to the cemetery and talks to his deceased wife and child, explaining how he remembers all the wonderful moments they shared. As Sharon leaves the reception, she sees Catch waiting by her car. They embrace and profess their love for each other. As they prepare to leave, Catch tells her that he'll drive.",wet rainy night chicago police officer sharon pogue scene serious traffic accident holding hand victims pleading hold give year sharon frustrated men dates become estranged family arrested beating mother josephine brother larry never forgiven anger affecting police work known catch wanders streets chicago trance like state doing good deeds strangers neighbors day sees sharon diner watches across street notices watching car pulls blasts diner machine gun fire sharon partner chase criminals sharon catches criminal ensuing struggle gun shoots twice chest seeing protected bulletproof vest prepares shoot head catch jumps knocks gun saving life night sharon catch meet tavern drink grateful sharon learn catch talk sharon invites apartment awkward moments share kiss catch abruptly stops leaves apartment leaving sharon confused evening sharon dandelion taped mailbox catch phone number calls awkwardly invites breakfast coffee shop morning sharon wakes second thoughts calls catch cancel breakfast date catch already coffee shop never message upset stood sharon apartment criticizes showing appointment storms sharon follows nearly empty apartment surprised living conditions demands know catch refuses reveal anything past says starting scratch following advice mother law elanora catch calls sharon apologizes continue seeing each lakeside picnic state park share romantic swim passionate love shore coming days catch comfort family confrontation positive influence show police work night blues club band played number catch notices trumpet sitting bandstand picks trumpet starts play soulful version tune nature boy leaving owner approaches calling steve lambert asking catch denies even knowing walks day sharon investigates name steven lambert police files discovers whose hand held site traffic accident year earlier catch wife child died accident abandoned accident learns jazz musician accident occurred son birthday causing catch create mental block wanting catch heal emotional wounds talk accident cemetery see graves family very upset walks sharon visits elanora actually catch former mother law sharon looking helping loves elanora encourages patience sharon catch find time parents wedding vow renewal ceremony sharon talking feels like daughter sharon starts leave stops videographer wonderful story playing brother were children deeply moved memory overhears emotionally affected sharon looks turns catch finally cemetery talks deceased wife child explaining how remembers wonderful moments shared sharon leaves reception sees catch waiting car embrace profess love each prepare leave catch drive,romance,drama
The movie is a triangular love story of an orphan boy Kanteerava played by Vijay.[2],movie triangular love story orphan boy kanteerava played vijay,action,romance
"In Beverly Hills, California, wealthy heiress Vivian Viv Ashe leaves her richly pampered pet chihuahua, Chloe, with her irresponsible niece, Rachel, while she embarks on a business trip for ten days. Papi, the gardener Sam's pet Chihuahua of Mexican descent, has an unrequited crush on Chloe, by which she is disgusted. Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends and stay at a hotel by the beach. When Rachel leaves Chloe alone in the hotel room to go dancing at a club, Chloe goes looking for her. Chloe gets dog-napped as she tries to find Rachel and is sent to the dog fights in Mexico City. There, she meets a street-smart German Shepherd named Delgado. Rachel comes back to the hotel and is frantic when she finds Chloe missing. Chloe is picked to fight in the pit against El Diablo, a fierce Argentinean-Bolivian Doberman Pinscher. Delgado helps her escape the dog fights, unleashing the other dogs from their cages and unlocking the ring to allow both Chloe and himself to flee. After several arguments, he then decides to return her to Beverly Hills safely. Meanwhile, Rachel and Sam go to the Mexican police and offer rewards in an effort to find Chloe. El Diablo is sent by the dog fight ringleader, Vasquez, to capture Chloe and obtain the reward. They reach the border by train, but they are caught when the conductor wanders back to the place them and the other dogs are hiding, and are forced to jump out, eventually arriving in the barren deserts of Chihuahua, where Delgado explains that he was a former police dog; he was retired after he lost his sense of smell during a raid and a sneak attack from El Diablo. Rachel and Sam are in Puerto Vallarta and find that Chloe was spotted in the state of Chihuahua. After tracking Chloe and Delgado from Mexico City, El Diablo arrives in Chihuahua and attempts to capture Chloe, but Papi saves her and ends getting captured in a cage inside an abandoned Aztec temple, but Delgado comes to rescue the two and is briefly defeated. Chloe then rescues Papi, but Delgado discovers that El Diablo had vanished. Rachel finds Chloe, and Vasquez is arrested by the police. Chloe returns safely to Beverly Hills without Vivian finding out what happened and accepts a romantic relationship with Papi, as well as Rachel with Sam. The characters' fates are later revealed: Delgado returns to being a police dog in Mexico; El Diablo is recaptured by Delgado and is adopted by a rich lady who had a passion for fashion; Chico and Manuel move to Beverly Hills and become rich; and Papi and Chloe have their first date.",beverly hills california wealthy heiress vivian viv ashe leaves richly pampered pet chihuahua chloe irresponsible niece rachel embarks business trip ten days papi gardener sam pet chihuahua mexican descent unrequited crush chloe disgusted rachel decides mexico friends stay hotel beach rachel leaves chloe alone hotel room dancing club chloe looking chloe dog napped find rachel sent dog fights mexico city meets street smart german shepherd named delgado rachel hotel frantic chloe missing chloe picked fight pit against el diablo fierce argentinean bolivian doberman pinscher delgado helps escape dog fights unleashing dogs cages unlocking ring allow chloe flee several arguments decides return beverly hills safely rachel sam mexican police offer rewards effort find chloe el diablo sent dog fight ringleader vasquez capture chloe obtain reward reach border train caught conductor wanders place dogs hiding forced jump arriving barren deserts chihuahua delgado explains former police dog retired lost sense smell raid sneak attack el diablo rachel sam puerto vallarta find chloe spotted state chihuahua tracking chloe delgado mexico city el diablo arrives chihuahua attempts capture chloe papi saves ends getting captured cage inside abandoned aztec temple delgado rescue briefly defeated chloe rescues papi delgado discovers el diablo vanished rachel chloe vasquez arrested police chloe returns safely beverly hills without vivian finding happened accepts romantic relationship papi well rachel sam characters fates revealed delgado returns police dog mexico el diablo recaptured delgado adopted rich lady passion fashion chico manuel move beverly hills become rich papi chloe date,comedy,drama
"A professional hitman who doubles as a painter is hired to kill a brain surgeon. But it turns out that not only are he and the surgeon are old friends, but they are both in love with the same woman.",professional hitman doubles painter hired kill brain surgeon turns surgeon old friends love same woman,crime,drama
"Neil Agar, a special agent with the State Department's Office of Security (the predecessor of the Diplomatic Security Service), is dispatched to Peckham, California to investigate the death of John Grubowsky, a bacteriologist working at government-sponsored Brandt Research. Quickly making the acquaintance of the laboratory's head librarian, Julie Zorn, he begins interviewing the firm's leading scientists, many of whom have reputations as sexual players. His investigation is soon complicated by a growing number of deaths, all men who died of congestive heart failure caused by sexual exhaustion. Faced with a rapidly escalating body count, the local sheriff, Captain Peters, holds a town meeting at which the laboratory's leading sex researcher, Henry Murger, urges the town populace to practice sexual abstinence – an idea greeted with derision by the locals. Neil and Julie arrange a meeting with Murger afterwards to discuss his theories as to the cause of his deaths, only to see him chased down and run over by a car with an unseen driver. While investigating Murger's home in search of clues, Neil discovers a secret room concealing sexual paraphernalia and Murger's gay lover, Joe, who informs Neil that he saw Murger driving off with an unknown woman prior to his death. Despite a curfew and the establishment of a military quarantine, the scientists continue playing their sex games. One of them, Herb Kline, is approached by Susan Harris, a beautiful entomologist working on bees. Though described by the men as an iceberg, she flirts with Kline and invites him over for dinner. That night, as they engage in sex, Kline suffers a fatal thrombosis and Harris reveals black compound eyes suggesting that she is more than she appears. Meanwhile, convinced there is a similar pattern at work, Neil begins studying the sexual patterns of insects. Seeking information about the mating habits of bees, he interrogates Dr. Harris at her lab; when he departs, she resumes her project – the transformation of Kline's wife Nora into a Bee Girl through a process of controlled mutation. With the aid of other previously mutated women, she cocoons Nora and places her in a chamber where she is swarmed by mutated bees; when she emerges, she is bombarded with radiation and awakens with the same black compound eyes and drive to mate that the other transformed women possess. The next morning, Herb Kline's body is discovered; when Captain Peters goes to inform Nora, she attempts unsuccessfully to seduce him. Having worked out much of what has taken place, Neil summons the remaining department chairs and presents his theory. Though the geneticist, Stan Williams, scorns the idea, the head of the diagnostics department, Aldo Ferrara, is more receptive. At Grubowsky's funeral, Neil and Julie bring a radiation detector, which picks up the gamma radiation coming from the women in attendance who have been subjected to the treatment. Aware that they have been detected, the transformed women move to eliminate the remaining scientists; Williams is killed by his now-mutated wife and Ferrara dies during a visit by Dr. Harris, who then lures Julie to her lab to be transformed. When Neil discovers Ferrara's body, he realizes what the women are up to. Racing to the lab, he interrupts the women as they begin the process of turning Julie into one of their number. With Harris threatening to kill Julie unless he leaves, he moves to depart but pulls out a revolver instead and shoots the machinery. Neil then rescues Julie and bars the door, leaving the mutated women to die amidst a cascade of exploding machinery.",neil agar special agent state department office security predecessor diplomatic security service dispatched peckham california investigate death john grubowsky bacteriologist working government sponsored brandt research quickly making acquaintance laboratory head librarian julie zorn interviewing firm leading scientists many whom reputations sexual players investigation complicated growing number deaths men died congestive heart failure caused sexual exhaustion faced rapidly escalating body count local sheriff captain peters holds town meeting laboratory leading sex researcher henry murger urges town populace practice sexual abstinence idea greeted derision locals neil julie arrange meeting murger afterwards discuss theories cause deaths see chased run car unseen driver investigating murger home search clues neil discovers secret room concealing sexual paraphernalia murger gay lover joe informs neil saw murger driving unknown woman prior death despite curfew establishment military quarantine scientists continue playing sex games herb kline approached susan harris beautiful entomologist working bees though described men iceberg flirts kline invites dinner night engage sex kline suffers fatal thrombosis harris reveals black compound eyes suggesting than appears convinced similar pattern work neil studying sexual patterns insects seeking information mating habits bees interrogates dr harris lab departs resumes project transformation kline wife nora bee girl process controlled mutation aid previously mutated women cocoons nora places chamber swarmed mutated bees emerges bombarded radiation awakens same black compound eyes drive mate transformed women possess morning herb kline body discovered captain peters inform nora attempts unsuccessfully seduce worked much taken place neil summons remaining department chairs presents theory though geneticist stan williams scorns idea head diagnostics department aldo ferrara receptive grubowsky funeral neil julie bring radiation detector picks gamma radiation coming women attendance subjected treatment aware detected transformed women move eliminate remaining scientists williams killed mutated wife ferrara dies visit dr harris lures julie lab transformed neil discovers ferrara body realizes women racing lab interrupts women begin process turning julie number harris threatening kill julie unless leaves moves depart pulls revolver instead shoots machinery neil rescues julie bars door leaving mutated women die amidst cascade exploding machinery,sci-fi,horror
"The Boy (Lloyd) is an idle playboy and heir to $20,000,000, relaxing at an exclusive resort. When he sees The Girl (Mildred Davis), surrounded by a flock of admirers, he suddenly asks her to marry him. Taken aback, she sends him to get the approval of her father, a tough, hardworking steel magnate. The girl's father knows and disapproves of the Boy's indolence, and demands that he first get a job to prove that he can do something. The Boy sees a recruiting poster and applies to join the United States Navy. When the magnate decides to take a long cruise on his yacht, he tells his daughter to bring along her friends. She invites the Boy, but he finds he cannot get out of his three-year enlistment. Aboard ship, he makes an enemy of intimidating sailor Rough-House O'Rafferty (Noah Young), but when O'Rafferty throws a box at the Boy and strikes a passing officer, the Boy steps up and accepts the blame. He and O'Rafferty then become good friends. The Girl and her friends stop off at the port of Agar Shahar Khairpura, the City of a Thousand Rascals, in the country of Khairpura-Bhandanna, to sightsee, just as the Boy and O'Rafferty get shore leave there. The Girl is delighted to see the Boy and rushes into his arms. However, she has also attracted the attention of the Maharajah of Khairpura-Bhandanna (Dick Sutherland). The potentate has her kidnapped and taken to his palace. The Boy rushes to her rescue and single-handedly manages to outwit the Maharajah and his guards and escape with the Girl. Later, the Boy uses signal flags from his ship to ask with the Girl on her father's yacht, Will you? With her father's approval, she sends a signal back, I will.",boy lloyd idle playboy heir relaxing exclusive resort sees girl mildred davis surrounded flock admirers suddenly marry taken aback sends approval tough hardworking steel magnate girl knows disapproves boy indolence demands job prove do something boy sees recruiting poster applies join united states navy magnate decides long cruise yacht daughter bring along friends invites boy cannot three year enlistment aboard ship makes enemy intimidating sailor rough o rafferty noah young o rafferty throws box boy strikes passing officer boy steps accepts blame o rafferty become good friends girl friends stop port agar shahar khairpura city thousand rascals country khairpura bhandanna sightsee boy o rafferty shore leave girl delighted see boy rushes arms attracted attention maharajah khairpura bhandanna dick sutherland potentate kidnapped taken palace boy rushes rescue single handedly manages outwit maharajah guards escape girl boy uses signal flags ship ask girl yacht you approval sends signal i,comedy,drama
"In Los Angeles, mechanic Ashe Corven (Vincent Pérez) and his eight-year-old son Danny (Eric Acosta) are murdered by notorious drug kingpin Judah Earl (Richard Brooks) after they witness a gang of Judah's henchmen murdering a fellow drug dealer. The two are then dumped into a harbor. Sarah from the first film (Mia Kirshner) is now an adult, working in a tattoo parlor by day, and painting surreal images of death and resurrection in her apartment at night. She is haunted by disturbing dreams about Ashe and Danny, and after a day's work in the tattoo parlor, Sarah is visited in her apartment by a large crow as she contemplates a ring that Eric Draven gave her years before. Sarah follows the crow to the harbor at night on All Saints' Day, and witnesses Ashe's resurrection and frantic escape from his watery grave. She takes him to her apartment. When Sarah tells Ashe he is dead, he panics and runs screaming into the night, ending up at his own home, where he relives the final moments of his life. Sarah arrives there to find Ashe brooding, and she explains to him why he has been resurrected by the Crow so he can take revenge against the criminals who killed him and Danny. With the guidance of the crow, Ashe starts killing Judah's henchmen, one by one. Ashe first visits Spider-Monkey (Vincent Castellanos) in a drug warehouse and interrogates him as to who else was involved in the murders. Ashe then kills him by blowing up the building. Another of Judah's lackeys, Nemo (Thomas Jane), is spending the night at a peeping booth. Ashe appears in the booth, and kills him, leaving a doll stuffed in his pants with a paper crow in his mouth. Judah has in his employ a blind prophetess named Sybil (Tracey Ellis) who is able to ascertain Ashe's link to Sarah and to the crow that is the source of his powers. Judah captures Sarah in order to draw Ashe to him and steal his power. One of the murderers, Kali (Thuy Trang), goes to Sarah's apartment to draw Ashe out. While battling her, Ashe realizes that Kali is the one who killed Danny; enraged, he throws her against a wall that breaks her leg, and then out a window, leaving a crow-shaped blood pattern. Ashe then pursues Judah's right-hand-man, Curve (Iggy Pop), in a motorcycle chase. Ashe shoots Curve's motorcycle, which blows up and throws Curve onto the road. Ashe then drags Curve into the nearby river, leaving him to die as local parishioners cast down flower petals in the shape of a crow. On the day of the annual Day of the Dead festival. Judah captures the crow and impales its wings with knives before killing it. He then ingests the crow's blood, stealing Ashe's power. Suddenly mortal, Ashe nearly dies from the shock, but is revived after seeing a vision of Danny telling him to keep fighting. Ashe must now attempt to rescue Sarah by seeking out Judah in his lair, an abandoned church. Judah gets the best of the weakened Ashe in the ensuing fight. Judah ties a rope around Ashe and savagely whips him, intending to hang him. Sarah rushes up and stabs Judah in the forehead, causing Judah to drop Ashe. Judah pulls out the knife and starts moving toward Ashe. Sarah gets in the way, and Judah stabs her in the stomach. Ashe gets up and impales Judah on a metal pipe, but this does not kill Judah either. While Judah is still impaled, Ashe calls upon a murder of crows, which devour Judah. Sarah dies in Ashe's arms, a tableau reminiscent of a painting she had completed earlier in the film. Ashe returns to death, knowing that he can rest in peace with Sarah, and his son.",los angeles mechanic ashe corven vincent p rez eight year old son danny eric acosta murdered notorious drug kingpin judah earl richard brooks witness gang judah henchmen murdering fellow drug dealer dumped harbor sarah film mia kirshner adult working tattoo parlor day painting surreal images death resurrection apartment night haunted disturbing dreams ashe danny day work tattoo parlor sarah visited apartment large crow contemplates ring eric draven gave years sarah follows crow harbor night saints day witnesses ashe resurrection frantic escape watery grave apartment sarah ashe dead panics runs screaming night ending home relives final moments life sarah arrives find ashe brooding explains why resurrected crow revenge against criminals killed danny guidance crow ashe starts killing judah henchmen ashe visits spider monkey vincent castellanos drug warehouse interrogates else involved murders ashe kills blowing building judah lackeys nemo thomas jane spending night peeping booth ashe appears booth kills leaving doll stuffed pants paper crow mouth judah employ blind prophetess named sybil tracey ellis able ascertain ashe link sarah crow source powers judah captures sarah order draw ashe steal power murderers kali thuy trang sarah apartment draw ashe battling ashe realizes kali killed danny enraged throws against wall breaks leg window leaving crow shaped blood pattern ashe pursues judah right hand curve iggy pop motorcycle chase ashe shoots curve motorcycle blows throws curve onto road ashe drags curve nearby river leaving die local parishioners cast flower petals shape crow day annual day dead festival judah captures crow impales wings knives killing ingests crow blood stealing ashe power suddenly mortal ashe nearly dies shock revived seeing vision danny telling keep fighting ashe must attempt rescue sarah seeking judah lair abandoned church judah best weakened ashe ensuing fight judah ties rope around ashe savagely whips intending hang sarah rushes stabs judah forehead causing judah drop ashe judah pulls knife starts moving toward ashe sarah judah stabs stomach ashe impales judah metal pipe kill judah either judah impaled ashe calls upon murder crows devour judah sarah dies ashe arms tableau reminiscent painting completed earlier film ashe returns death knowing rest peace sarah son,action,horror
"The film begins with various shots of the audience chanting Dusty!, which is repeated throughout. Meanwhile, the band begins, as the smoke and the lights are turned on, we see Wyatt Dusty Chandler (George Strait) entering the stage, and performing Heartland, Baby Your Baby, and a shortened version of Where the Sidewalk Ends. Dusty feels that his elaborate stage show is overwhelming his music, a suspicion confirmed one night when he purposely forgets several bars of a chart-topping hit, Where the Sidewalk Ends. When his fans don't even notice, Dusty cuts the performance short. After the concert, Dusty has a conversation with his drummer, and best friend, Earl. They reminisce on when they were kids, a time much simpler. Without telling his manager, Lula (Lesley Ann Warren), he decides to take a walk, but does not say exactly where he is going or for how long. After shaving his beard and cutting off his ponytail, Dusty heads for the small farm town where he grew up, visiting his wise old grandmother (Molly McClure). Later that day, he visits a bar where he and Earl played prior to making it big. That evening, Dusty hangs around for some relaxation and discovers Harley Tucker (Isabelle Glasser) dancing and smiling at Dusty. Al, (Mark Walters), Harley's drunk and rugged friend, get into an argument in the parking lot over Dusty, who neither have ever seen or met. Dusty, while drunk, comes to assist Harley with Al, who won't stop bothering her. Al punches Dusty and he falls to the ground. Harley brings him home, a reward for defending her honor. While Dusty is enjoying his new freedom, he misses his concert in Shreveport. A desperate Lula dresses her boyfriend Buddy Jackson (Kyle Chandler) into Dusty's outfit, and has him go on stage and lip-sync to Dusty’s tracks. Covered by lights and smoke the gimmick works. He stays on at the ranch, paying room and board and taking roping lessons, all the while earning the respect of Harley's father, Ernest (Rory Calhoun). Ernest confides in Dusty that he is forced to slowly sell pieces of the ranch. Harley is determined to save the struggling spread with victory in a Las Vegas rodeo. Buddy confronts Lula after his performance and demands $100,000 and a recording contract or he will tell the media about Dusty's no-show. Buddy, is not granted his wishes, so he tells all the media outlets that Lula offered him the money and contract to keep imitating Dusty, which clearly is a lie. Lula, realizing she’s in trouble, reaches out to Earl to find Dusty. She then follows him to Dusty’s location. Realizing he has feelings for Harley and will not leave, she tells her he’s married to her. Harley dumps Dusty and Lula is waiting to scoop Dusty up to return to his band and career. Now back with his band, he demands that his stage shows be toned down, without all the smoke and elaborate lighting of which he had grown weary. Dusty wants Buddy Jackson found so he can confront him about what he told the media. Dusty meets with Buddy and confronts him about the lie he told the press. Dusty threatens to sue Buddy if he ever shows his face in country music again and Buddy leaves. Lula is grateful for his intervention to which Dusty brings up Harley’s Name. His first appearance after his vacation is in Las Vegas at the same time as the rodeo Harley Tucker is competing in. Lula secretly arranges for Harley and her family to get tickets to Dusty's Show. Once seated she sends an attendant to get Harley where she admits the truth to her. True to his wishes, he does the show without all the smoke and the lights, and sits on the edge of the stage, playing guitar and singing I Cross My Heart, a special live song he has composed for her, which wins him Harley's forgiveness. The film ends with the two hugging at the edge of the stage, and then the credits roll with the song She Lays it All on the Line.",film various shots audience chanting dusty repeated throughout band smoke lights turned we see wyatt dusty chandler george strait entering stage performing heartland baby your baby shortened version sidewalk ends dusty feels elaborate stage show overwhelming music suspicion confirmed night purposely forgets several bars chart topping hit sidewalk ends fans do even notice dusty cuts performance short concert dusty conversation drummer best friend earl reminisce were kids time much simpler without telling manager lula lesley ann warren decides walk say exactly going or how long shaving beard cutting ponytail dusty heads small farm town grew visiting wise old grandmother molly mcclure day visits bar earl played prior making big evening dusty hangs around relaxation discovers harley tucker isabelle glasser dancing smiling dusty al mark walters harley drunk rugged friend argument parking lot dusty neither ever seen or met dusty drunk assist harley al wo stop bothering al punches dusty falls ground harley brings home reward defending honor dusty enjoying freedom misses concert shreveport desperate lula dresses boyfriend buddy jackson kyle chandler dusty outfit stage lip sync dusty s tracks covered lights smoke gimmick works stays ranch paying room board taking roping lessons earning respect harley ernest rory calhoun ernest confides dusty forced slowly sell pieces ranch harley determined save struggling spread victory las vegas rodeo buddy confronts lula performance demands recording contract or tell media dusty show buddy granted wishes media outlets lula offered money contract keep imitating dusty clearly lie lula realizing s trouble reaches earl find dusty follows dusty s location realizing feelings harley leave s married harley dumps dusty lula waiting scoop dusty return band career band demands stage shows toned without smoke elaborate lighting grown weary dusty wants buddy jackson found confront told media dusty meets buddy confronts lie told press dusty threatens sue buddy ever shows face country music buddy leaves lula grateful intervention dusty brings harley s name appearance vacation las vegas same time rodeo harley tucker competing lula secretly arranges harley family tickets dusty show once seated sends attendant harley admits truth true wishes show without smoke lights sits edge stage playing guitar singing i cross my heart special live song composed wins harley forgiveness film ends hugging edge stage credits roll song lays line,drama,comedy
"Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, and Scrappy-Doo are on their way to a Miss Grimwood's Finishing School for Girls, where they have been hired as gym teachers. Once there, however, they find that it is actually a school for girl ghouls. The pupils include Sibella, the daughter of Count Dracula; Elsa Frankenteen, the daughter of Frankenstein's monster, Winnie, the daughter of The Wolfman; Phantasma (usually called Phanty for short), the daughter of a phantom, possibly The Phantom of the Opera; and Tanis, the daughter of The Mummy - all parodies/tributes to the Universal Monsters of the 1930s-40s. Other residents of the school are a floating white hand; an octopus, who is the school's butler; Legs, a spider that helps with the upcoming volleyball match; Miss Grimwood, the headmistress; and her pet dragon Matches (who dislikes Scooby at first, but later becomes friends, and has a strong friendship with Scrappy). Shaggy and Scooby want no part of this at first, but eventually they agree to stay as teachers. The following morning begins with the class and the new teachers taking ballet lessons. Gym class soon starts, to train the girls for their upcoming volleyball match against the boys of the neighboring Calloway Military Academy. The boys rig the volleyball with a remote control, but because of an accidental squirt of ketchup, the boys lose the remote, Scooby accidentally swallows the remote and it allows the girls to win instead. The girls' fathers come for Open House, but as they leave, they warn Shaggy and Scooby not to let any harm come to their daughters or they'll be in big trouble. As an additional plot twist, Revolta, the self-styled Witch of the Web, and her minion, the Grim Creeper, plan to kidnap the girls and make them her slaves, by hypnotizing Shaggy into taking the girls on a field trip to the Barren Bog. That same day the Calloway Cadets are at the bog. With the help of Revolta's spider bats, Revolta and the Grim Creeper capture the girls and Revolta makes a potion that will make them evil forever at the stroke of midnight. Scooby, Scrappy, Shaggy, and Matches, along with the Calloway cadets manage to save the girls; and Revolta's plan is foiled. Despite being well liked by all their students, Shaggy and Scooby have enough of this and run away when monsters such as an alien, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, and Godzilla enroll their daughters at the school for the following year screaming Like, meet us in St. Louis. As they leave, they see the girls and Matches wave them goodbye. Shaggy, Scooby, and Scrappy then give them a last werewolf howl before driving off into the night.",scooby doo shaggy scrappy doo miss grimwood finishing school girls hired gym teachers once find actually school girl ghouls pupils include sibella daughter count dracula elsa frankenteen daughter frankenstein monster winnie daughter wolfman phantasma usually called phanty short daughter phantom possibly phantom opera tanis daughter mummy parodies tributes universal monsters s s residents school floating white hand octopus school butler legs spider helps upcoming volleyball match miss grimwood headmistress pet dragon matches dislikes scooby friends strong friendship scrappy shaggy scooby want part agree stay teachers following morning class teachers taking ballet lessons gym class starts train girls upcoming volleyball match against boys neighboring calloway military academy boys rig volleyball remote control accidental squirt ketchup boys lose remote scooby accidentally swallows remote allows girls win instead girls fathers open leave warn shaggy scooby let any harm daughters or big trouble additional plot twist revolta self styled witch web minion grim creeper plan kidnap girls slaves hypnotizing shaggy taking girls field trip barren bog same day calloway cadets bog revolta spider bats revolta grim creeper capture girls revolta makes potion evil forever stroke midnight scooby scrappy shaggy matches along calloway cadets manage save girls revolta plan foiled despite well liked students shaggy scooby enough run monsters such alien creature black lagoon godzilla enroll daughters school following year screaming like meet us st louis leave see girls matches wave goodbye shaggy scooby scrappy give last werewolf howl driving night,animation,horror
"Kalidasu (Sushanth) is the son of a sincere police officer (Nagababu), who is killed in the hands of a factionist (GV). However, Kalidasu kills that factionist and escapes from Rayalaseema and reaches Guntur. Kanakadurga (Jayasudha) brings him up along with her son Jai Dev (Vamsikrishna). Kalidasu helps Dev to continue his studies in Hyderabad, by turning himself a car-lifter. Baba (Chalapati Rao) buys such lifted cars. His son Basha (Sunil) also becomes his good friend. Once, Kalidasu lifts a car and finds a girl hiding in it. The girl says that her name is Mirchi (Tamannaah) and pretends that she is a lunatic. But Kalidasu does not believe that she is lunatic and suspects her that she is pretending. Once some goons led by Pratap and Ajay (Vinodkumar and Ajay) reach Guntur and take away Mirchi after killing Basha. Kalidasu goes to Hyderabad after noticing Dev's photo with Mirchi in her mobile phone. However, after going to the college, the principal (Tanikella Bharani) reveals that Dev is killed by the goons led by a political leader (Rajan P. Dev) and his henchmen Pratap and Ajay to save the college maintained by Archana (Real name of Mirchi). Kalidasu decides to take revenge against the killers of Basha and Dev. Then Kalidasu starts his mind game and plays a trick, which makes Pratap to kill his own brothers. Later, Ajay kills his brother-in-law Pratap. In the climax, Kalidasu's trick again makes Ajay meet his own death. The film ends on a happy note as Kalidasu and Archana are in Love and lead a happy life.",kalidasu sushanth son sincere police officer nagababu killed hands factionist gv kalidasu kills factionist escapes rayalaseema reaches guntur kanakadurga jayasudha brings along son jai dev vamsikrishna kalidasu helps dev continue studies hyderabad turning car lifter baba chalapati rao buys such lifted cars son basha sunil good friend once kalidasu lifts car girl hiding girl says name mirchi tamannaah pretends lunatic kalidasu believe lunatic suspects pretending once goons led pratap ajay vinodkumar ajay reach guntur mirchi killing basha kalidasu hyderabad noticing dev photo mirchi mobile phone going college principal tanikella bharani reveals dev killed goons led political leader rajan p dev henchmen pratap ajay save college maintained archana real name mirchi kalidasu decides revenge against killers basha dev kalidasu starts mind game plays trick makes pratap kill brothers ajay kills brother law pratap climax kalidasu trick makes ajay meet death film ends happy note kalidasu archana love lead happy life,romance,action
"Fran (Noni Hazlehurst) is a likeably vivacious but irresponsible mother of three children, each from a different relationship. She is a product of the welfare system and several foster homes, and of an alcoholic mother and a father she never knew. Passionate about protecting her children from the community welfare authorities, whom she paints as the enemy, she nevertheless fails to do so. Fran's own self-esteem requires a man in her life and, after the violent end of one relationship, she desperately picks up Jeff (Alan Fletcher), a wayward barman. To secure her relationship with Jeff, she holidays with him, deserting her children, who become wards of the state. It is claimed that Jeff has sexually interfered with Fran's eldest daughter, Lisa (Narelle Simpson).",fran noni hazlehurst likeably vivacious irresponsible mother three children each different relationship product welfare system several foster homes alcoholic mother never knew passionate protecting children community welfare authorities whom paints enemy nevertheless fails do fran self esteem requires life violent end relationship desperately picks jeff alan fletcher wayward barman secure relationship jeff holidays deserting children become wards state claimed jeff sexually interfered fran eldest daughter lisa narelle simpson,drama,comedy
"Lancelot is King Arthur's most valued Knight of the Round Table and a paragon of courage and virtue. Things change, however, when he falls in love with Queen Guinevere. A sub-plot concerns Arthur's effort to forestall a challenge from a rival king, a problem that will inevitably catch Lancelot up in a personal conflict. In order to marry Guinevere, King Leodogran's daughter, King Arthur must find a knight to defeat Leodogran's champion. Arthur chooses Lancelot, who mortally wounds his opponent. On the way back to Camelot, Lancelot foils an attempt on Guinevere's life by Sir Modred, Arthur's illegitimate son; and before the end of the journey, Lancelot and Guinevere realize their love for each other. Though Lancelot is loyal to Arthur and Guinevere's marriage to the King takes place as planned, it is not long before the two become lovers. Modred spies on them and informs Arthur of his wife's infidelity. Lancelot escapes, but Guinevere is condemned to be burned at the stake. He returns in time to save her and then offers to give himself up provided there will be no retaliation. Nevertheless, Arthur banishes him and sends Guinevere to a convent. Years later, Modred murders Arthur for his throne, and Lancelot returns to defeat him, thus ending the civil war that has been raging in Britain. He then finds Guinevere about to take the vows of a nun.",lancelot king arthur most valued knight round table paragon courage virtue things change falls love queen guinevere sub plot concerns arthur effort forestall challenge rival king problem inevitably catch lancelot personal conflict order marry guinevere king leodogran daughter king arthur must find knight defeat leodogran champion arthur chooses lancelot mortally wounds opponent camelot lancelot foils attempt guinevere life sir modred arthur illegitimate son end journey lancelot guinevere realize love each though lancelot loyal arthur guinevere marriage king place planned long become lovers modred spies informs arthur wife infidelity lancelot escapes guinevere condemned burned stake returns time save offers give provided retaliation nevertheless arthur banishes sends guinevere convent years modred murders arthur throne lancelot returns defeat thus ending civil war raging britain guinevere vows nun,romance,comedy
"The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs (Eric Stoltz), a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher (Tony Curtis). The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett (Kathleen Turner and Chris Noth), who are not right for the roles. Along the journey, Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne (Mary-Louise Parker), bisexual best friend Chris (Ralph Macchio), his mother Shirley (Jill Clayburgh), and his mostly absentee father Roman (Paul Guilfoyle). The film ends with Jake and Joanne going their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals, and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success.",film narrated flashback jake briggs eric stoltz young aspiring playwright culminating production plays broadway agent carl fisher tony curtis play flop least part lead parts given actors dana coles jason brett kathleen turner chris noth right roles along journey jake reviews relationships girlfriend joanne mary louise parker bisexual best friend chris ralph macchio mother shirley jill clayburgh mostly absentee roman paul guilfoyle film ends jake joanne going separate ways mostly competing career goals jake hoping write plays greater success,drama,comedy
"Mrs. Marsh (Rita Corday) visits the house of Dr. Wolfe Toddy MacFarlane (Henry Daniell), seeking a cure for her paraplegic daughter Georgina (Sharyn Moffett). MacFarlane suggests surgery for the girl, but insists that he cannot perform the operation himself because his teaching position keeps him too busy. Later that night, MacFarlane's prize student Donald Fettes (Russell Wade) tells the doctor he cannot afford to continue his studies. MacFarlane offers Fettes a job as a lab assistant to help with an experiment he is planning. Fettes is awakened in the middle of the night by John Gray (Boris Karloff), a cab driver and graverobber, who has arrived to deliver a corpse to MacFarland to dissect in his one of his classes. Later, MacFarlane and Fettes go to an inn and run into Gray, who threatens to reveal MacFarlane's dark secret if he doesn't operate on Georgina. MacFarlane initially agrees, but later tries to renege on his promise. Fettes asks Gray to get another human specimen so that Georgina might have hope of walking again. After visiting Gray, Fettes gives a coin to a blind street singer (Donna Lee). He is shocked when Gray arrives later at the lab with a corpse that resembles the singer. Fettes shows MacFarlane the body and accuses Gray of murder. The conversation is overheard by Joseph (Bela Lugosi), MacFarland's other assistant. MacFarlane tells Fettes that he could be arrested as an accomplice and advises him not to notify the police. Georgina recovers from the surgery, but she is still unable to walk. MacFarlane is tortured by his failure, and goes to the inn to drown his sorrows. Gray shows up and torments him about their secret. Joseph visits Gray and attempts to blackmail him to keep quiet about his body snatching operation. Gray tells Joseph the story of the infamous murderers Burke and Hare, and reveals that they procured bodies for Dr. Knox, MacFarlane's mentor. Gray promises to pay Joseph, but chokes him to death when the other man allows him to get too close. Later, he delivers the body to MacFarlane's lab as a gift. Meg Camden (Edith Atwater), MacFarlane's housekeeper and secret wife, tells Fettes that Gray admitted to robbing graves during the Burke and Hare trial in order to shield the real perpetrator - MacFarlane. Later, MacFarlane offers Gray money to stop tormenting him. Gray refuses to take the bribe, and vows that the doctor will never be rid of him. Enraged, MacFarlane beats Gray to death. Fettes meets with Mrs. Marsh and Georgina. The girl hears horses nearby and stands up to see them; the operation was a success after all. Fettes rushes to tell MacFarlane the good news, but Meg tells him that the doctor has gone to another town to sell Gray's horse and carriage. Fettes finds MacFarlane at a tavern. He tells Fettes that he plans to rob a freshly dug grave. Fettes sees no alternative than to assist the doctor, and they load the unearthed corpse onto Gray's carriage. As they drive through a storm, MacFarlane hears Gray taunting him from the back of the carriage. He stops the carriage and orders Fettes to check the body. When he uncovers the body and shines a light on it, MacFarlane sees Gray's corpse. The horses, spooked by the storm, bolt. The carriage breaks loose and falls over a cliff with MacFarlane and the corpse. Fettes looks down at the wreck and sees MacFarlane's corpse, next to that of a woman.[3]",mrs marsh rita corday visits dr wolfe toddy macfarlane henry daniell seeking cure paraplegic daughter georgina sharyn moffett macfarlane suggests surgery girl insists cannot perform operation teaching position keeps too busy night macfarlane prize student donald fettes russell wade doctor cannot afford continue studies macfarlane offers fettes job lab assistant experiment planning fettes awakened middle night john gray boris karloff cab driver graverobber arrived deliver corpse macfarland dissect classes macfarlane fettes inn run gray threatens reveal macfarlane dark secret operate georgina macfarlane initially agrees renege promise fettes gray human specimen georgina might hope walking visiting gray fettes gives coin blind street singer donna lee shocked gray arrives lab corpse resembles singer fettes shows macfarlane body accuses gray murder conversation overheard joseph bela lugosi macfarland assistant macfarlane fettes could arrested accomplice advises notify police georgina recovers surgery unable walk macfarlane tortured failure inn drown sorrows gray shows torments secret joseph visits gray attempts blackmail keep quiet body snatching operation gray joseph story infamous murderers burke hare reveals procured bodies dr knox macfarlane mentor gray promises pay joseph chokes death allows too close delivers body macfarlane lab gift meg camden edith atwater macfarlane housekeeper secret wife fettes gray admitted robbing graves burke hare trial order shield real perpetrator macfarlane macfarlane offers gray money stop tormenting gray refuses bribe vows doctor never rid enraged macfarlane beats gray death fettes meets mrs marsh georgina girl hears horses nearby stands see operation success fettes rushes tell macfarlane good news meg doctor gone town sell gray horse carriage fettes macfarlane tavern fettes plans rob freshly dug grave fettes sees alternative than assist doctor load unearthed corpse onto gray carriage drive storm macfarlane hears gray taunting carriage stops carriage orders fettes check body uncovers body shines light macfarlane sees gray corpse horses spooked storm bolt carriage breaks loose falls cliff macfarlane corpse fettes looks wreck sees macfarlane corpse woman,horror,crime
"The story revolves around Simran (Mahi Gill) who is a Canadian NRI working as a manager at a local cafeteria in Chandigarh. JB (Jaswinder Bhalla), Goldy (Vivek Shauq), and Pinka Bhoond (Gurpreet Ghuggi), are three of the four main characters who chase Simran all through the movie. All three of them are more interested in Canada than in Simran. Smeep(Smeep Kang) on the other hand actually loves Simran from the deepness of his heart. He fell for her beauty since the time he saw her for the first time three years ago during Simran's hotel management course. Since then, he has lost track of her whereabouts, but he still keeps a greeting card that he had bought for her three years ago. Smeep and Goldy are roommates and live in Chandigarh as well. Goldy finds an ad in classified section of a Punjabi newspaper about a NRI Canadian girl looking for a suitable match. He immediately gets excited and leaves for her address which happens to be a restaurant. Goldy doesn't want to make it obvious for Simran about his intentions of marrying her for Canada. So he tries to be friends with her before proposing her. He is successful in becoming friends with her. On other hand, Smeep also finds the whereabouts of Simran with the help of 'Bhabhi' detective. He also reaches the same restaurant and is very happy to meet Simran after so long. Simran also seems very happy to see him. This leads to rivalry between Smeep and Goldy. A series of crazy events add to the humor of the movie. While they're busy trying to impress Simran, JB enters the scene. He is a middle-aged man and is very quickly successful in impressing Simran. He quickly becomes her friend. Goldy and Smeep try to bring his true colors in front of Simran, but are unsuccessful in front of JB's intelligence. They accept the fact that there are three players in the game. Pinka Bhoond enters the story right when Smeep and Goldy are discussing tactics to deal with JB. Pinka Bhoond in the disguise of a very rich businessman Rattan Singh Tata arrives in a chauffeur driven Mercedes. Simran happens to be his friend as well and they both get very insecure because of his money and power. Later, Smeep and Goldy are successful in bringing him to his real worth in front of Simran, but this doesn't help their cause of getting him out of the race for Simran. Later, Smeep discovers from a stammering servant of Simran that she is getting married in Bathinda. All four of the guys get really disappointed. Smeep leaves for his home in Bathinda to help deal with the pain. The other three guys meet in Bathinda as well in order to break the wedding. When the plan to call the wedding is in execution, they all discover that its Simran's aunt Harsimran (Savita Bhatti) who's getting married to Jaspal Bhatti and not Simran. When Simran learns about this, she thinks that all four of them were involved in this plan. She gets really angry and breaks her friendship with all of them. Finally JB, Goldy and Pink accept their mistake and tell the facts to Simran. They tell her about true feelings of Smeep. Simran finds it very sweet and then tells Smeep that she also loves him. Harsimran and Jaspal Bhatti give their garlands to Smeep and Simran to make their love official. In the background, a lady from Vancouver is heard saying she'd like a son-in-law like Smeep. JB, Goldy, and Pinka overhear this and start their next mission.",story revolves around simran mahi gill canadian nri working manager local cafeteria chandigarh jb jaswinder bhalla goldy vivek shauq pinka bhoond gurpreet ghuggi three four main characters chase simran movie three interested canada than simran smeep smeep kang hand actually loves simran deepness heart fell beauty since time saw time three years ago simran hotel management course since lost track whereabouts keeps greeting card bought three years ago smeep goldy roommates live chandigarh well goldy ad classified section punjabi newspaper nri canadian girl looking suitable match immediately excited leaves address happens restaurant goldy want obvious simran intentions marrying canada friends proposing successful becoming friends hand smeep whereabouts simran bhabhi detective reaches same restaurant very happy meet simran long simran seems very happy see leads rivalry smeep goldy series crazy events add humor movie busy trying impress simran jb enters scene middle aged very quickly successful impressing simran quickly friend goldy smeep try bring true colors front simran unsuccessful front jb intelligence accept fact three players game pinka bhoond enters story right smeep goldy discussing tactics deal jb pinka bhoond disguise very rich businessman rattan singh tata arrives chauffeur driven mercedes simran happens friend well very insecure money power smeep goldy successful bringing real worth front simran cause getting race simran smeep discovers stammering servant simran getting married bathinda four guys really disappointed smeep leaves home bathinda deal pain three guys meet bathinda well order break wedding plan call wedding execution discover simran aunt harsimran savita bhatti getting married jaspal bhatti simran simran learns thinks four were involved plan really angry breaks friendship finally jb goldy pink accept mistake tell facts simran tell true feelings smeep simran very sweet smeep loves harsimran jaspal bhatti give garlands smeep simran love official background lady vancouver heard saying would like son law like smeep jb goldy pinka overhear start mission,comedy,romance
"Nick Wild (Jason Statham) is a recovering gambling addict who takes odd jobs in Las Vegas as a chaperone (his version of a bodyguard) to support his addiction. After helping a client impress a woman (Sofía Vergara), he accepts a proposition from a young man Cyrus Kinnick (Michael Angarano) to show him around Vegas and provide him with protection while he gambles. While eating at a diner, Nick's waitress friend Roxy (Anne Heche) hands him a message from a woman he knows, Holly (Dominik Garcia-Lorido), who wants him to stop by her house. Holly, a professional escort, explains she had a date the previous night at the Golden Nugget. Afterward, she was brutally raped and beaten by three unknown men in their hotel room. Holly asks Nick to find out who they are so that she can sue them. Nick discovers that the man responsible for raping Holly is Danny DeMarco (Milo Ventimiglia), a gangster. DeMarco had his two thugs dump her in a hospital car park. Nick goes to the hotel to confront DeMarco, disguised as someone sent by another criminal. A confrontation develops but Nick defends himself, overpowering DeMarco and his men, who are tied up as Nick calls Holly. In the room, Holly contemplates castrating DeMarco, who breaks down and begs her forgiveness, Holly decides to take the $50,000 from DeMarco's desk and leaves. Holly splits the money with Nick and leaves Las Vegas. Nick takes Cyrus to a casino. Playing blackjack with dealer friend Cassandra (Hope Davis), Nick then goes on a huge winning streak with the next dealer, amassing over a half a million. But when he goes to the cashier, he has a sudden anxiety attack, and loses his winnings as well as his original $25,000 on a single blackjack bet with Cassandra. The next morning, Cyrus, revealed to be a self-made millionaire, wants Nick to mentor him on being brave, but Nick declines. At the bar, DeMarco's men arrive to deliver Nick to DeMarco, but Nick beats them off. Nick meets with Baby (Stanley Tucci), the mafia boss of Las Vegas. Baby has received a complaint from DeMarco, who claims that Nick broke into his hotel room, pistol-whipped him, and killed two of his men – all to fund his gambling addiction. Baby takes Nick to a room with DeMarco, where Nick tells his side of the story: that DeMarco killed his own men later and that DeMarco bears a cut on his penis. Baby tells DeMarco to drop his pants to prove Nick wrong, but he refuses and leaves. At the local diner, Cyrus offers Nick a check for $500,000 and a plane ticket to Corsica for what he has learned from Nick. DeMarco and his men appear in the diner. Cyrus shows his newfound manliness by singing loudly as a distraction so Nick can escape. Nick thinks about his sailboat and then kills the thugs and DeMarco with his utensils behind the diner. Afterwards, Cyrus insists Nick take the check and the ticket, and Nick accepts. Nick then drives out of Las Vegas.",nick wild jason statham recovering gambling addict odd jobs las vegas chaperone version bodyguard support addiction helping client impress woman sof vergara accepts proposition young cyrus kinnick michael angarano show around vegas provide protection gambles eating diner nick waitress friend roxy anne heche hands message woman knows holly dominik garcia lorido wants stop holly professional escort explains date previous night golden nugget afterward brutally raped beaten three unknown men hotel room holly nick find sue nick discovers responsible raping holly danny demarco milo ventimiglia gangster demarco thugs dump hospital car park nick hotel confront demarco disguised someone sent criminal confrontation develops nick defends overpowering demarco men tied nick calls holly room holly contemplates castrating demarco breaks begs forgiveness holly decides demarco desk leaves holly splits money nick leaves las vegas nick cyrus casino playing blackjack dealer friend cassandra hope davis nick huge winning streak dealer amassing half million cashier sudden anxiety attack loses winnings well original single blackjack bet cassandra morning cyrus revealed self made millionaire wants nick mentor brave nick declines bar demarco men arrive deliver nick demarco nick beats nick meets baby stanley tucci mafia boss las vegas baby received complaint demarco claims nick broke hotel room pistol whipped killed men fund gambling addiction baby nick room demarco nick side story demarco killed men demarco bears cut penis baby demarco drop pants prove nick wrong refuses leaves local diner cyrus offers nick check plane ticket corsica learned nick demarco men appear diner cyrus shows newfound manliness singing loudly distraction nick escape nick thinks sailboat kills thugs demarco utensils behind diner afterwards cyrus insists nick check ticket nick accepts nick drives las vegas,drama,comedy
"Thirupathi (Ajith Kumar) a straightforward young man who leads a happy life with his parents and younger sister. He happens to meet Priya (Sadha ) and both fall for each other. Thirupathi’s sister is pregnant and at the time of delivery, he takes her to a hospital. The doctor there expects bribe but when it is not forthcoming, neglects his duty because of which Thirupathi’s sister dies. Thirupathi comes to know that this is not the first instance in the hospital and the doctor is none other than Soori’s brother. When he goes out to get him, Soori and his father do all that they can to protect him from Thirupathi. How Thirupathi gets his revenge on the people responsible for his sister's death forms the rest of the movie.",thirupathi ajith kumar straightforward young leads happy life parents younger sister happens meet priya sadha fall each thirupathi s sister pregnant time delivery hospital doctor expects bribe forthcoming neglects duty thirupathi s sister dies thirupathi know instance hospital doctor none than soori s brother soori do protect thirupathi how thirupathi revenge people responsible sister death forms rest movie,action,romance
"During a bombing mission to Germany, wartime pilot Peter Churchman (Boyd) inadvertently destroys a French cathedral. To atone, after the war, Churchman and a crew of accomplices rob a number of banks, making sure the money goes to have the cathedral rebuilt. Churchman moves to Spain, where he opens a successful restaurant. He and another American expatriate, Grace Harvey (Mimieux), are in a romantic relationship. Life is idyllic until one day Angela Tresler (Ralli), an acquaintance from the war, turns up threatening to expose Churchman's illegal activity unless he and his crew pull off a daring robbery for her in Pamplona. During the fiesta, Churchman's men carry concealed explosives and tools during the famed Running of the Bulls, veering off into an alley during the event. Churchman has broken into a bank and, using the dynamite, he blows open a safe, timing the explosion with a cannon's shot that is a traditional rite during the festival. Inside the safe are rare jewels, which he hides inside a precious religious statue. Churchman turns over the statue to Angela, who is elated until she discovers the statue to be empty. Both have been outsmarted by Grace, who replaced the statue with a replica and turned over the jewels safely to Gonzalez, the town's chief of police.",bombing mission germany wartime pilot peter churchman boyd inadvertently destroys french cathedral atone war churchman crew accomplices rob number banks making sure money cathedral rebuilt churchman moves spain opens successful restaurant american expatriate grace harvey mimieux romantic relationship life idyllic until day angela tresler ralli acquaintance war turns threatening expose churchman illegal activity unless crew pull daring robbery pamplona fiesta churchman men carry concealed explosives tools famed running bulls veering alley event churchman broken bank using dynamite blows open safe timing explosion cannon shot traditional rite festival inside safe rare jewels hides inside precious religious statue churchman turns statue angela elated until discovers statue empty outsmarted grace replaced statue replica turned jewels safely gonzalez town chief police,action,crime
"A freestyle racing driver must choose between his love for racing, and his wife. His friends's accident will help him to choose, and his loyal ways will get him a new friend - his main rival...",freestyle racing driver must choose love racing wife friends accident choose loyal ways friend main rival,action,drama
"Neil Klugman (Richard Benjamin) is an intelligent, working class army veteran and graduate of Rutgers University who works as a library clerk. He falls for Brenda Patimkin (Ali MacGraw), a wealthy student at Radcliffe College who is home for the summer. They meet by the swimming pool of a country club that Neil visits as a guest of his cousin Doris. They face obstacles from Brenda's family (particularly her mother), due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream. Brenda's family are nouveau riche, their money coming from the successful plumbing supply business owned and run by her father. Brenda herself is old enough to remember being poor. Other conflicts include propriety and issues related to premarital sex and the possibility of pregnancy, and Mrs. Patimkin's envy of her daughter's youth. After a few dates Brenda persuades her father to invite Neil to stay with them for two weeks, angering her mother who feels that she should have been asked instead. Neil enjoys being able to sneak into Brenda's room at night, but has misgivings over her entitled outlook, which is reflected in her spoiled and petulant younger sister, and her naive brother Ron, who misses the hero worship he enjoyed as a star basketball player at Ohio State University. Neil is astonished when Brenda reveals that she does not take contraceptive pills or use any other precautions. She angrily rejects Neil's concerns. He prepares to leave, but she decides to persuade him to stay by agreeing to get a diaphragm. At the end of his stay, Neil attends Ron's wedding to Harriet, his college sweetheart from Ohio. Brenda returns to Radcliffe in the fall, keeping in touch by telephone. She invites Neil to come up to spend a weekend at a Boston hotel. However, once they are in the hotel room, Brenda tells Neil she just received letters telling her that her mother found her diaphragm, and that her parents know about their affair. They argue, with Neil asking why she left it to be found, unless she wanted it to happen. Siding with her parents, Brenda ends the affair as abruptly as she allowed it to commence. Neil walks out of the hotel, leaving her alone in the room.",neil klugman richard benjamin intelligent working class army veteran graduate rutgers university works library clerk falls brenda patimkin ali macgraw wealthy student radcliffe college home summer meet swimming pool country club neil visits guest cousin doris face obstacles brenda family particularly mother due differences class assimilation american mainstream brenda family nouveau riche money coming successful plumbing supply business owned run brenda herself old enough remember poor conflicts include propriety issues related premarital sex possibility pregnancy mrs patimkin envy daughter youth few dates brenda persuades invite neil stay weeks angering mother feels should asked instead neil enjoys able sneak brenda room night misgivings entitled outlook reflected spoiled petulant younger sister naive brother ron misses hero worship enjoyed star basketball player ohio state university neil astonished brenda reveals contraceptive pills or use any precautions angrily rejects neil concerns prepares leave decides persuade stay agreeing diaphragm end stay neil attends ron wedding harriet college sweetheart ohio brenda returns radcliffe fall keeping touch telephone invites neil spend weekend boston hotel once hotel room brenda neil received letters telling mother found diaphragm parents know affair argue neil asking why left found unless wanted happen siding parents brenda ends affair abruptly allowed commence neil walks hotel leaving alone room,romance,comedy
"In the Laos mountains, a woman named Mali (Alice Keohavong) gives birth to twins, of which one survives. Her husband's mother, Taitok (Bunsri Yindi) says that the one living child must also die, because one twin is blessed while the other is cursed. Believing her only living twin son to be blessed, Mali refuses to kill it, and so she and Taitok keep it a secret from her husband, Toma (Sumrit Warin). Seven years later, the living twin named Ahlo (Sitthiphon Disamoe) learns that a second dam is being built, so Toma takes Ahlo to see the dam, where it's revealed in a presentation video that the people of Ahlo's village will have to be relocated due to the valley they live in will be flooded between the two dams. So Ahlo and his family move through the woods while taking his boat with them. With the help of a ploughing buffalo, they manage to get the boat half way up the hill, only for the ropes to snap, sending the boat crashing into Mali, killing her. Furious, Taitok reveals to Toma that Ahlo is a twin and that he should have died. After burying Mali, Ahlo and his family ride a bus to their new village, which Taitok doesn't much like due to the running water and electricity that replaces their traditions. There, Ahlo meets a girl named Kia (Loungnam Kaosainam), who had lost her family and now lives with her uncle, Purple (Suthep Po-ngam), who is a fan of James Brown. Kia shows Ahlo soft land for him to grow mangoes on, which he wishes to do in honour of his mother, but Toma tells Ahlo to no longer speak to them, making Ahlo destroy Toma's model house out of anger. He then visits Kia and Purple again and learns that all the electricity that was promised to the people are being used by the hydro bosses. The following night, Ahlo sneaks out and attempts to get electricity for the people by hooking up some cables to the main power source, but being the cursed twin, he ends up causing a blackout for everyone else except for Kia and Purple, who have electricity for their television set. The next day, Ahlo tells Kia about his tribe's tradition about being a cursed twin. When he accidentally desecrates a sacred shrine, Ahlo, Toma and Taitko have their house and belongings burnt in retaliation. Along with Kia and Purple, they all sneak out of the village in a cart filled with undetonated bombs from the war or UXO. They all journey for days and eventually arrive at Purple's village, they call Paradise, with no other inhabitants. Ahlo and Kia run off into the bushes to play, but Ahlo almost sets off a bombie in the event of smashing fruit that Kia threw to him. Toma proposes moving again due to the land being surrounded by these dangerous bombs (which explains why there are no other inhabitants). While journeying for yet another home, Ahlo and company cross paths with a parade of travelers, where he hears an announcer mention a rocket competition that gives out cash prizes. While settling down, they are met by the village chief who tells them that the purpose of the contest is to launch them into the clouds in which they'll explode and produce rain. Believing this could break his curse, Ahlo announces his intentions to build a rocket and enter the contest to earn the money for them to buy a new home, but Toma and Taitko won't allow him, due to his bad luck. Ahlo nevertheless still decides to build his own rocket and runs off. While walking through the woods in search of things to build his rocket with, Ahlo comes across another unexploded bomb, but its hard casing proves to be usable for a rocket, but blows up seconds after Ahlo hits it with a rock; he survives. Later, Ahlo manages to get Purple to help him build the rocket. Purple takes Ahlo to a bat cave to collect bat droppings that, according to Purple, can be used for blasting up the rocket. Inside the cave, Ahlo comes across a woman who considers him to be an evil spirit, causing him to run out of the cave screaming. The rocket festival begins the next day. While some people are launching their rockets, Ahlo is still in the woods trying to put his together. He grinds the bat droppings into powder, but tests it out on a few mini rockets, to no avail, so Ahlo tries urinating on the bat dropping powder (advised by Purple, who said that can make it work better). In the contest, Toma launches his rocket, named Lucky, but lets go of it too soon and launches it poorly. A champion rocket named The Million is launched afterwards which successfully reaches the clouds. Ahlo brings his rocket in, which he calls The Bat, but the announcer tells him that kids aren't allowed to launch. Ahlo asks Toma to launch it, but Taitko doesn't allow him to, believing that The Bat will blow everyone up because of Ahlo's bad luck. Nobody else volunteers to do so and Ahlo then runs off. Toma decides to launch it anyway. Kia catches up to Ahlo and tells him what his father is doing, and so he runs back to the contest, thinking the rocket will kill Toma, and shouts his apology over the loud roaring of the rocket. The Bat is launched properly this time and it reaches the clouds. The Bat then surprisingly explodes inside the cloud, causing it to rain. Ahlo wins 10 million kip and is now no longer considered cursed.",laos mountains woman named mali alice keohavong gives birth twins survives husband mother taitok bunsri yindi says living child must die twin blessed cursed believing living twin son blessed mali refuses kill taitok keep secret husband toma sumrit warin seven years living twin named ahlo sitthiphon disamoe learns second dam built toma ahlo see dam revealed presentation video people ahlo village relocated due valley live flooded dams ahlo family move woods taking boat ploughing buffalo manage boat half hill ropes snap sending boat crashing mali killing furious taitok reveals toma ahlo twin should died burying mali ahlo family ride bus village taitok much like due running water electricity replaces traditions ahlo meets girl named kia loungnam kaosainam lost family lives uncle purple suthep po ngam fan james brown kia shows ahlo soft land grow mangoes wishes do honour mother toma ahlo longer speak making ahlo destroy toma model anger visits kia purple learns electricity promised people used hydro bosses following night ahlo sneaks attempts electricity people hooking cables main power source cursed twin ends causing blackout everyone else except kia purple electricity television set day ahlo kia tribe tradition cursed twin accidentally desecrates sacred shrine ahlo toma taitko belongings burnt retaliation along kia purple sneak village cart filled undetonated bombs war or uxo journey days arrive purple village call paradise inhabitants ahlo kia run bushes play ahlo almost sets bombie event smashing fruit kia threw toma proposes moving due land surrounded these dangerous bombs explains why inhabitants journeying yet home ahlo company cross paths parade travelers hears announcer mention rocket competition gives cash prizes settling met village chief purpose contest launch clouds explode produce rain believing could break curse ahlo announces intentions build rocket enter contest earn money buy home toma taitko wo allow due bad luck ahlo nevertheless decides build rocket runs walking woods search things build rocket ahlo across unexploded bomb hard casing proves usable rocket blows seconds ahlo hits rock survives ahlo manages purple build rocket purple ahlo bat cave collect bat droppings according purple used blasting rocket inside cave ahlo across woman considers evil spirit causing run cave screaming rocket festival day people launching rockets ahlo woods trying put together grinds bat droppings powder tests few mini rockets avail ahlo urinating bat dropping powder advised purple said work better contest toma launches rocket named lucky lets too launches poorly champion rocket named million launched afterwards successfully reaches clouds ahlo brings rocket calls bat announcer kids allowed launch ahlo toma launch taitko allow believing bat blow everyone ahlo bad luck nobody else volunteers do ahlo runs toma decides launch anyway kia catches ahlo doing runs contest thinking rocket kill toma shouts apology loud roaring rocket bat launched properly time reaches clouds bat surprisingly explodes inside cloud causing rain ahlo wins million kip longer considered cursed,drama,animation
"In the fictional Adelaide suburb of Sunshine Hills, three teenage girls have disappeared: Jenny Wells (found in a dumpster with her body cut open), Teresa Fields (found impaled and hanging from a clothesline), and Amanda Howatt, who disappeared three days earlier. 14-year-old Danny Hobson (Sebastian Gregory) is a loner, who lives with his police officer father Alan (Aaron Jeffery) and stepmother Sherrie (Peta Wilson). He is obsessed with his 17-year-old neighbour, Suzy Thomson (Tahyna Tozzi). They become friends and she tells him about the girls and the mysterious owners of number 46. She sends him to take some photos with his camera. They walk to number 46, where Suzy tells Danny that a woman is always staring out the window. While walking down the street, Danny's bouncy ball lands in the backyard of number 46. He introduces himself to the house's owner, a mysterious woman named Jennifer (Asher Keddie), who asks him to leave her alone. At night, he hides in a bush and sees a car approach the house. The driver, Jennifer's boyfriend, gets out and stares at Danny, who takes a photo of him. Danny develops the photos and takes them to Suzy, who recognises the boyfriend from a police newsletter. They read through several newsletters and Suzy identifies the man as Max Forster (Socratis Otto), a convicted rapist. Danny begins to suspect Jennifer is being held against her will in the house by Max. Danny goes to meet Jennifer and she shows him a bracelet which is important to her. He immediately recognises the bracelet as one belonging to his mother, whom he never met. He accuses her of being his mother. Danny has a dream where Suzy is abducted. He wakes up to learn that she has been kidnapped from her bedroom. Alan interrogates Danny, who says he and Suzy only talked about the girls and number 46. Alan and some fellow officers investigate number 46, but find nothing suspicious. Danny receives a phone call from Suzy, who tells him that Max kidnapped her and that he knows Danny sent the police to his house. Danny must come to the house if he wants to see Suzy alive. Danny steals Alan's gun and goes to the house, where Jennifer takes him to the backroom, where Max is waiting for him. He tells him that he got out of jail and doesn't want to be sent back. He threatens to keep Danny in the house and take pornographic photos of him, but Danny shoots him in the head. Jennifer runs in and Danny asks her why she left. She denies being his mother and during a scuffle, he shoots her. Alan, who suspected Danny of going to the house, arrives and finds the mess. He tells Danny that Jennifer isn't his mother: his mother died when he was a baby, presumably in an accident caused by Alan. He demands that Danny leave. As Danny leaves, Alan shoots himself. Danny returns home and begins to mourn Alan's death with Sherrie. He sees Suzy in her front yard and Sherrie says that Suzy was never kidnapped. He realises she set him up and suspects her of making up the rumours about the girls, therefore causing everything. Danny and Sherrie leave Sunshine Hills forever. The final scene is narrated by a monologue from Suzy's mother (Deborra-Lee Furness), who says that Alan killed Danny's mother. She goes onto mention a rumour that Alan, Max and Jennifer were Satanists and killed the girls as sacrifices. It is revealed that Suzy pretended she was raped in number 46, but refuses to discuss it. The audience realise that most people believe Suzy's story, but not the truth. She mentions another rumour about Danny being found dead in a nearby paddock. She says that she only stays in Sunshine Hills because she talks. The movie ends with her saying that she is going to protect Sunshine Hills.",fictional adelaide suburb sunshine hills three teenage girls disappeared jenny wells found dumpster body cut open teresa fields found impaled hanging clothesline amanda howatt disappeared three days earlier year old danny hobson sebastian gregory loner lives police officer alan aaron jeffery stepmother sherrie peta wilson obsessed year old neighbour suzy thomson tahyna tozzi become friends girls mysterious owners number sends photos camera walk number suzy danny woman always staring window walking street danny bouncy ball lands backyard number introduces owner mysterious woman named jennifer asher keddie leave alone night hides bush sees car approach driver jennifer boyfriend stares danny photo danny develops photos suzy recognises boyfriend police newsletter read several newsletters suzy identifies max forster socratis otto convicted rapist danny suspect jennifer held against max danny meet jennifer shows bracelet important immediately recognises bracelet belonging mother whom never met accuses mother danny dream suzy abducted wakes learn kidnapped bedroom alan interrogates danny says suzy talked girls number alan fellow officers investigate number find nothing suspicious danny receives phone call suzy max kidnapped knows danny sent police danny must wants see suzy alive danny steals alan gun jennifer backroom max waiting got jail want sent threatens keep danny pornographic photos danny shoots head jennifer runs danny why left denies mother scuffle shoots alan suspected danny going arrives mess danny jennifer mother mother died baby presumably accident caused alan demands danny leave danny leaves alan shoots danny returns home mourn alan death sherrie sees suzy front yard sherrie says suzy never kidnapped realises set suspects making rumours girls therefore causing everything danny sherrie leave sunshine hills forever final scene narrated monologue suzy mother deborra lee furness says alan killed danny mother onto mention rumour alan max jennifer were satanists killed girls sacrifices revealed suzy pretended raped number refuses discuss audience realise most people believe suzy story truth mentions rumour danny found dead nearby paddock says stays sunshine hills talks movie ends saying going protect sunshine hills,drama,horror
"Detective Barton is searching for a necklace stolen by a gang of thieves. In the beginning, the gang is in a house in London, before going on the run. The film starts off with Detective Barton (John Stuart) arriving at a house marked for sale or rent. The door is unlocked and he wanders in. An unknown person with a candle is wandering about and a dead body is found. When confronted the mysterious person claims innocence of the murdered person. Barton (who introduces himself as Forsythe) asks the stranger what he has in his pockets (handkerchief, string, sausage, picture of a child, half a cigarette), before the shadow of a hand is shown reaching for a doorknob. The stranger (who later introduces himself as Ben) searches the body of the dead person and finds handcuffs and a gun which he takes. The detective returns from investigating the weird sound and finds the handcuffs which the stranger left on the ground. A person is seen to be crawling on the roof through shadows, who then falls through the roof. This is a woman called Miss Ackroyd (Ann Casson) who is revived and cries out for her father. She explains that her father went onto the roof and that they are next door in number 15. The bell tolls half past midnight and the dead body has disappeared. Three people arrive at the windswept house, Mr. Ackroyd (Henry Caine), Nora (Anne Grey) (who is deaf and dumb) and a third person. Ben draws out the gun. Ben accidentally shoots the governor. Mr. Ackroyd draws out a gun and asks him to search the gentlemen, Ben and Miss Ackroyd. The telegram is revealed to Mr. Ackroyd. Sheldrake (Garry Marsh) gets the diamond necklace, which he has hidden in the upper portion of a toilet. Ben causes a commotion and is locked away with Sheldrake. The two hands of Sheldrake reach out and appear to strangle Ben who is only pretending to be knocked out. More members of the gang arrive. They suggest tying up Miss Ackroyd and 'Forsythe'. The three thieves all have to catch a train. However, one of the thieves is Miss Ackroyd's father—a police officer—who locks away two of the thieves and frees Miss Ackroyd and Doyle. He opens the door where Ben is locked away with Sheldrake and gets into a fist fight with Sheldrake. The other man reveals himself as Sheldrake (the supposed 'corpse' from earlier) and frees the others. Miss Ackroyd and 'Forsythe' are tied up again. Nora reveals herself to be able to speak and says I'm coming back. She comes back and frees Miss Ackroyd and Doyle. Miss Ackroyd faints but recovers. Nora returns to the basement to allay the suspicions of the other thieves and buy time for the rest to get away. They free Ben and Miss Ackroyd's father. The thieves arrive at the train yard, and board a freight train that is departing. The train says Deutsch-Englischer Fahrverkehr Ferry Service between Germany-Great Britain. The train departs with Ben aboard and he stumbles onto crates of wine. The thieves, after dispatching the conductor, go to the front of the train, shoot the fireman, and catch the Driver as he faints. 'Forsythe' failed to get on the train before it departed and commandeers a bus. Ben is revealed to have the necklace. Sheldrake discovers he doesn't have the diamond and the thieves fight each other. Sheldrake claims that 'Barton' a detective posing as a thief. A chase scene occurs on the train as the thieves go after Barton. Barton escapes and handcuffs Nora. The bus that 'Forsythe' is on races after the train. The thieves, realising the train is accelerating, try to find the brakes. They turn dials helplessly and notice the bus that 'Forsythe' is on. Pushing levers and turning dials does nothing, indeed, it only makes the train go faster, leaving the thieves unable to escape. At the dock, the ferry pulls up. As 'Forsythe' watches, the train hurtles through the dock, crashes into the train currently on the ferry at full speed, and pushes it out to sea, dragging the remaining cars into the ocean. People are rescued from the water. Henry Doyle tells Forsythe that he is posing as Detective Barton. But Forsythe is actually Detective Barton, who says to Doyle, You can't be Barton because I am. All of the thieves are apprehended by the police who are on the scene. Nora asks Barton, What are you going to do about it? Barton replied You better come along with me. Nora says Where? To breakfast. Barton says, and they laugh. Ben then reveals he has the diamond necklace.",detective barton searching necklace stolen gang thieves beginning gang london going run film starts detective barton john stuart arriving marked sale or rent door unlocked wanders unknown person candle wandering dead body found confronted mysterious person claims innocence murdered person barton introduces forsythe stranger pockets handkerchief string sausage picture child half cigarette shadow hand shown reaching doorknob stranger introduces ben searches body dead person handcuffs gun detective returns investigating weird sound handcuffs stranger left ground person seen crawling roof shadows falls roof woman called miss ackroyd ann casson revived cries explains went onto roof door number bell tolls half past midnight dead body disappeared three people arrive windswept mr ackroyd henry caine nora anne grey deaf dumb third person ben draws gun ben accidentally shoots governor mr ackroyd draws gun search gentlemen ben miss ackroyd telegram revealed mr ackroyd sheldrake garry marsh diamond necklace hidden upper portion toilet ben causes commotion locked sheldrake hands sheldrake reach appear strangle ben pretending knocked members gang arrive suggest tying miss ackroyd forsythe three thieves catch train thieves miss ackroyd police officer locks thieves frees miss ackroyd doyle opens door ben locked sheldrake fist fight sheldrake reveals sheldrake supposed corpse earlier frees others miss ackroyd forsythe tied nora reveals herself able speak says i am coming frees miss ackroyd doyle miss ackroyd faints recovers nora returns basement allay suspicions thieves buy time rest free ben miss ackroyd thieves arrive train yard board freight train departing train says deutsch englischer fahrverkehr ferry service germany great britain train departs ben aboard stumbles onto crates wine thieves dispatching conductor front train shoot fireman catch driver faints forsythe failed train departed commandeers bus ben revealed necklace sheldrake discovers diamond thieves fight each sheldrake claims barton detective posing thief chase scene occurs train thieves barton barton escapes handcuffs nora bus forsythe races train thieves realising train accelerating try find brakes turn dials helplessly notice bus forsythe pushing levers turning dials nothing indeed makes train faster leaving thieves unable escape dock ferry pulls forsythe watches train hurtles dock crashes train currently ferry full speed pushes sea dragging remaining cars ocean people rescued water henry doyle forsythe posing detective barton forsythe actually detective barton says doyle you barton i am thieves apprehended police scene nora barton you going do barton replied you better along me nora says breakfast barton says laugh ben reveals diamond necklace,crime,horror
"Life is good for Ruben Guthrie (Patrick Brammall), who works as an advertisement executive and leads a lifestyle of a party boy and lives in a house on the water with his model fiancée. He's at the top of his game until Ruben lands at the bottom of his infinity pool from some drunken skylarking. Ruben's fiancée leaves him, but says she'll get back with him if he can go a year without drinking.",life good ruben guthrie patrick brammall works advertisement executive leads lifestyle party boy lives water model fianc e top game until ruben lands bottom infinity pool drunken skylarking ruben fianc e leaves says year without drinking,drama,comedy
"In 1975 Belfast, the Troubles is in full effect, erupting into violence once again when a Protestant bar is bombed by rival Catholics, and several people are killed. Only hours later, Protestant fighters Kenny (James Frain) and Ginger (Ian Hart) retaliate by killing a Catholic, starting a full-scale riot. Meanwhile, Liam (John Lynch), a Catholic single father, attempts to help the victims of the fighting, but soon finds himself on the wrong side of the Protestant-Catholic divide.",belfast troubles full effect erupting violence once protestant bar bombed rival catholics several people killed hours protestant fighters kenny james frain ginger ian hart retaliate killing catholic starting full scale riot liam john lynch catholic single attempts victims fighting wrong side protestant catholic divide,drama,action
"Raj (Shashi Kapoor) and Poonam (Sharmila Tagore) are sweethearts cursed with extreme poverty. Raj must provide for his family, and arrange for his sister's marriage. Poonam fights for pennies to nurse her ailing mother, while her father drinks away his earnings. A job offer takes Raj away into a world of wealth and intrigue, but creates a situation where both parties lose their moral compass.",raj shashi kapoor poonam sharmila tagore sweethearts cursed extreme poverty raj must provide family arrange sister marriage poonam fights pennies nurse ailing mother drinks earnings job offer raj world wealth intrigue creates situation parties lose moral compass,romance,drama
"Orin Boyd (Steven Seagal) is a cop in Detroit's 21st precinct, who saves the Vice President of the United States (Christopher Lawford) from a right-wing Michigan militant group trying to kill him. As Boyd saved the Vice President's life by disobeying orders and killing all the militants, Captain Frank Daniels (Bruce McGill), who is also a long-time friend of Boyd, is forced to fire Boyd, but still tells him to talk with police chief Hinges (Bill Duke) who dislikes Boyd (because Boyd gives the police a bad name by disobeying orders) and has repeatedly tried to fire him, only for Boyd to be returned to duty by his friends in the trade union. Despite Boyd once again being returned to duty, Hinges transfers Boyd to the 15th precinct — Detroit's arguably worst police precinct. Boyd's new captain, former internal affairs officer Annette Mulcahy (Jill Hennessy), knows of his reputation, and she tells him that she will not tolerate it. Annette sends Boyd to an anger management class, where he meets Henry Wayne (Tom Arnold), the high-strung host of a local talk show called Detroit AM. While driving, Boyd comes across local drug dealer Latrell Walker (Earl DMX Simmons) and his fast-talking sidekick T.K. Johnson (Anthony Anderson) doing a shady deal with a man named Matt Montini (David Vadim). After a brief fight, Walker and Johnson escape, while Boyd arrests Montini and discovers to his surprise that Montini is a cop who has been working undercover trying to nail Walker and Boyd. The incident has ruined the sting, which does not sit well with Montini's musclebound partner Useldinger (Matthew G. Taylor). Sergeant Lewis Strutt (Michael Jai White) — one of the most decent and respected cops from the precinct — steps in to cool things down when Boyd gets in a fight with Useldinger. After Boyd stumbles upon the theft of $5,000,000 worth of heroin from evidence storage, Boyd and his new partner George Clark (Isaiah Washington) begin focusing their efforts on Walker and T.K. Intrigued by what little they have on Walker, they investigate why he has been visiting Shaun Rollins (Mel Jason Drag-On Smalls). Henry discovers that Walker is not a drug dealer; instead he is a computer expert and billionaire whose real name is Leon Rollins — he is Shaun Rollins' brother. While driving, Boyd is suddenly hit by a van and is captured by Montini, Useldinger and fellow cop/accomplice Fitz (Shane Daly). While they are driving, Montini takes out a syringe, filled with lethal poison and tries to kill Boyd. Boyd, however struggles with Montini and causes him to inject the poison in the van driver's neck, killing him. After Boyd beats up Montini and Useldinger, Fitz tries to shoot Boyd, however Boyd kicks Fitz to the edge of the van, causing him to get crushed by another car, killing him as well. Montini and Usedinger manage to jump out of the van and Boyd himself manages to escape as well before the van crashes. Angered because of the attempt on his life, Boyd confronts Leon, who explains that a group of corrupt cops needed a fall guy for a deal gone bad and pinned it on Shaun. It is further revealed that Strutt himself is the leader of the group, which includes Montini, Useldinger and formerly Fitz. Leon and his friend Trish (Eva Mendes) have been videotaping the activities of Strutt's gang, hoping that it might help prove Shaun's innocence and get him out of jail. Boyd meets Mulcahy at a parking lot to inform her what he has uncovered. However, Montini, Useldinger, and some other corrupt cops who were sent by Strutt try to kill Boyd and Annette. Mulcahy is killed in the chase and Boyd escapes. Boyd calls Frank and tells him that Strutt, Montini and Useldinger will be having a meeting at a warehouse, in about an hour, to sell the stolen heroin. Strutt plans to sell it to Leon and T. K., not knowing that Leon is working against him. Frank promises that he will be there with some backup. Boyd and Daniels show up, however with no backup as Frank did not know who to trust. They enter the warehouse just in time as the deal goes sour because of Leon bringing only half of the money as insurance and Strutt revealing that he knows about Leon's true identity. Although Boyd and Frank confront the group, Strutt isn't moved and calmly tells Frank to keep Boyd under control and Boyd realizes that it is Frank who is behind everything. Frank reveals that the reason he became corrupt was because he felt that his annual 40,000 dollar salary wasn't enough because he risked his life everyday and he is about to shoot Boyd (to prove to a taunting Strutt that the entire operation is his) when Clark blows open the door and barges in with backup, including some non-corrupt cops and Hinges and a shootout ensues. During the gunfight, Boyd is shot in the back (but survives due to wearing a bulletproof vest) by Useldinger, who is about to finish off Boyd, but George comes just in the nick of time and guns him down. Frank unsuccessfully tries to escape and Hinges shoots him four times with a shotgun. After taking out most of the corrupt cops, Boyd decides to go after Strutt, while Leon decides to go after Montini. However, Boyd reaches Strutt and the two fight with cloth guillotines, after which Strutt grabs Leon's case full of money and runs up to the roof, where a helicopter is waiting for him. As the helicopter is taking off with Strutt hanging on to the ladder, Boyd manages to hook the bottom of it onto a metal pipe protruding from the roof. This causes the ladder to break and Strutt to fall from the helicopter, who lands upon another metal pipe that impales Strutt and kills him. Leon finds Montini and the two start a brutal fight. Montini gets the upper hand in his fight with Leon, after he damages Leon's vision with clothing dye powder. However, Leon eventually wins the fight after he stabs Montini in the leg with a knife and kills him by stabbing him in the neck with a spike on a weight rack. At dawn, Leon gives Hinges the videotape that proves the corruption, hoping that the tape will help prove Shaun's innocence. Hinges thinks that the courts will not care about the tape, so Hinges had Shaun released from county about an hour before. Boyd decides to stay with the 15th precinct with George as his partner, and T. K. becomes Henry's television co-host.",orin boyd steven seagal cop detroit st precinct saves vice president united states christopher lawford right wing michigan militant group trying kill boyd saved vice president life disobeying orders killing militants captain frank daniels bruce mcgill long time friend boyd forced fire boyd talk police chief hinges bill duke dislikes boyd boyd gives police bad name disobeying orders repeatedly tried fire boyd returned duty friends trade union despite boyd once returned duty hinges transfers boyd th precinct detroit arguably worst police precinct boyd captain former internal affairs officer annette mulcahy jill hennessy knows reputation tolerate annette sends boyd anger management class meets henry wayne tom arnold high strung host local talk show called detroit am driving boyd across local drug dealer latrell walker earl dmx simmons fast talking sidekick t k johnson anthony anderson doing shady deal named matt montini david vadim brief fight walker johnson escape boyd arrests montini discovers surprise montini cop working undercover trying nail walker boyd incident ruined sting sit well montini musclebound partner useldinger matthew g taylor sergeant lewis strutt michael jai white most decent respected cops precinct steps cool things boyd fight useldinger boyd stumbles upon theft worth heroin evidence storage boyd partner george clark isaiah washington begin focusing efforts walker t k intrigued little walker investigate why visiting shaun rollins mel jason drag smalls henry discovers walker drug dealer instead computer expert billionaire whose real name leon rollins shaun rollins brother driving boyd suddenly hit van captured montini useldinger fellow cop accomplice fitz shane daly driving montini syringe filled lethal poison kill boyd boyd struggles montini causes inject poison van driver neck killing boyd beats montini useldinger fitz shoot boyd boyd kicks fitz edge van causing crushed car killing well montini usedinger manage jump van boyd manages escape well van crashes angered attempt life boyd confronts leon explains group corrupt cops needed fall guy deal gone bad pinned shaun further revealed strutt leader group includes montini useldinger formerly fitz leon friend trish eva mendes videotaping activities strutt gang hoping might prove shaun innocence jail boyd meets mulcahy parking lot inform uncovered montini useldinger corrupt cops were sent strutt try kill boyd annette mulcahy killed chase boyd escapes boyd calls frank strutt montini useldinger meeting warehouse hour sell stolen heroin strutt plans sell leon t k knowing leon working against frank promises backup boyd daniels show backup frank did know trust enter warehouse time deal sour leon bringing half money insurance strutt revealing knows leon true identity although boyd frank confront group strutt moved calmly frank keep boyd under control boyd realizes frank behind everything frank reveals reason became corrupt felt annual dollar salary enough risked life everyday shoot boyd prove taunting strutt entire operation clark blows open door barges backup including non corrupt cops hinges shootout ensues gunfight boyd shot survives due wearing bulletproof vest useldinger finish boyd george nick time guns frank unsuccessfully escape hinges shoots four times shotgun taking most corrupt cops boyd decides strutt leon decides montini boyd reaches strutt fight cloth guillotines strutt grabs leon case full money runs roof helicopter waiting helicopter taking strutt hanging ladder boyd manages hook bottom onto metal pipe protruding roof causes ladder break strutt fall helicopter lands upon metal pipe impales strutt kills leon montini start brutal fight montini upper hand fight leon damages leon vision clothing dye powder leon wins fight stabs montini leg knife kills stabbing neck spike weight rack dawn leon gives hinges videotape proves corruption hoping tape prove shaun innocence hinges thinks courts care tape hinges shaun released county hour boyd decides stay th precinct george partner t k henry television co host,action,horror
"A British World War II naval war hero, Commander Max Rammer Easton (James Mason), is charming and a bit of rake. He holds a mid-level staff position at the British Admiralty, but spends most of his free time playing squash and pursuing women. While at his private club, he meets Sir Charles Holland (George Sanders) and later Holland's American companion, Virginia Killain (Vera Miles). As soon as Holland goes away for a few days, Max makes a play for Virginia, but she is engaged to be married to Holland and is offended by Max describing him as dull. Undaunted, he continues to slowly charm her until she agrees to have lunch with him. They later go sailing on Easton's sailboat, and he continues to put his charm on display. Max can tell that Virginia is impressed by Holland's old school wealth. He claims that it is easy to acquire money, which she challenges, so on the spot he comes up with an unscrupulous scheme to demonstrate to her just how easy it is: After suddenly disappearing under suspicious circumstances, he would leave behind clues and red herrings leading others to jump to the conclusion that he is a traitor, having stolen top secret naval documents from his division, then defected to the Soviet Union. The scandal would leak and spread though the British press like wildfire. Upon his sudden and surprising return, he would sue the press for libel, raking in thousands of pounds in out-of-court settlements. To prove that he is quite serious about her, he implements his complex scheme. Max is later publicly branded a traitor by the press, all according to plan. Virginia is at first amused by this, then annoyed when she realizes he has actually gone through with it. When she tells Sir Charles, he is outraged and says something must be done. Max's elaborate plan backfires, however, when just as he is about to return, he becomes marooned for real on an out-of-the-way rocky island off the Scottish coast and cannot get home. After eventually being rescued, Max learns that Sir Charles has revealed to authorities everything that Virginia told him about Max's hoax. When confronted by authorities about his deception, Max cleverly frees himself from suspicion of any wrong-doing. He then continues to charm Virginia by saying he now plans on selling his story of survival and rescue to the very same press he originally intended to defraud. Against her better judgment, having now split from Sir Charles over the incident, she agrees to marry him, finding him irresistible.",british world war ii naval war hero commander max rammer easton james mason charming bit rake holds mid level staff position british admiralty spends most free time playing squash pursuing women private club meets sir charles holland george sanders holland american companion virginia killain vera miles holland few days max makes play virginia engaged married holland offended max describing dull undaunted continues slowly charm until agrees lunch sailing easton sailboat continues put charm display max tell virginia impressed holland old school wealth claims easy acquire money challenges spot unscrupulous scheme demonstrate how easy suddenly disappearing under suspicious circumstances would leave behind clues red herrings leading others jump conclusion traitor stolen top secret naval documents division defected soviet union scandal would leak spread though british press like wildfire upon sudden surprising return would sue press libel raking thousands pounds court settlements prove quite serious implements complex scheme max publicly branded traitor press according plan virginia amused annoyed realizes actually gone sir charles outraged says something must done max elaborate plan backfires return marooned real rocky island scottish coast cannot home rescued max learns sir charles revealed authorities everything virginia told max hoax confronted authorities deception max cleverly frees suspicion any wrong doing continues charm virginia saying plans selling story survival rescue very same press originally intended defraud against better judgment split sir charles incident agrees marry finding irresistible,comedy,drama
"An American artist living a bohemian existence in Paris, Tom Warshaw (David Duchovny) is trying to make sense of his troubled adult life by reflecting upon his extraordinary childhood. Prompted by his son's 13th birthday, Tom experiences a flashback to Greenwich Village in 1973, as 13-year-old Tommy (Anton Yelchin) is on the brink of becoming a man. While his bereaved single mother (Téa Leoni) mourns the death of his father, Tommy escapes grief by causing trouble at school and making afternoon deliveries with his best friend Pappas (Robin Williams), a mentally challenged janitor. Following the romantic advice offered by Lady (Erykah Badu) – incarcerated in the infamous New York Women's House of Detention for shadowy reasons – Tommy experiences his first taste of love. Yet when an unexpected tragedy radically alters his world, Tommy must take a life-defining choice – one that will compel the adult Tom, thirty years later, to confront his unfinished past.",american artist living bohemian existence paris tom warshaw david duchovny trying sense troubled adult life reflecting upon extraordinary childhood prompted son th birthday tom experiences flashback greenwich village year old tommy anton yelchin brink becoming bereaved single mother t leoni mourns death tommy escapes grief causing trouble school making afternoon deliveries best friend pappas robin williams mentally challenged janitor following romantic advice offered lady erykah badu incarcerated infamous york women detention shadowy reasons tommy experiences taste love yet unexpected tragedy radically alters world tommy must life defining choice compel adult tom thirty years confront unfinished past,comedy,drama
"A small, lone Kappa miraculously survives over 200 years into modern day Tokyo, Japan when he is found by young Koichi. Coo who is secretly adopted by the whole family, faces a tragic past and the present's challenge of living in a dramatically changed environment, searches with his new human friend for places not invaded by people hoping to find any remaining of his kind. When this intelligent water spirit draws the popular attention of the whole city upon being discovered and then confronted with his past, it forces him to take action and make an ultimate decision, in order to preserve his kind, inner peace and well being in today's harsh world.",small lone kappa miraculously survives years modern day tokyo japan found young koichi coo secretly adopted whole family faces tragic past present challenge living dramatically changed environment searches human friend places invaded people hoping find any remaining kind intelligent water spirit draws popular attention whole city upon discovered confronted past forces action ultimate decision order preserve kind inner peace well today harsh world,animation,drama
"The story is about the coming of age of a 14-year-old boy who grew up refusing to accept the loss of his father. He reaches the planet Raphicca 27.2 million light years away to find that his father is a prisoner in a kingdom of giant aliens who believe in magic and a medieval code of chivalry. In the midst of a raging battle between good and evil, Jac rescues his father, his new-found family of aliens, the planet of Raphicca, and ultimately, the universe.",story coming age year old boy grew refusing accept loss reaches planet raphicca million light years find prisoner kingdom giant aliens believe magic medieval code chivalry midst raging battle good evil jac rescues found family aliens planet raphicca ultimately universe,sci-fi,animation
"Promising writer Christopher Drew conceals his relationship with a murdered woman in order to protect his career, even though this results in an innocent man going to prison for the killing. The upper-class Drew decides he needs some first-hand experience to invigorate his work, so he explores the seedier areas of town in search of inspiration. Much to his dismay, he witnesses a murder but refuses to help an innocent man, Herbert Logan, arrested for the crime, because his presence in such a neighbourhood would cause a scandal. Logan is freed after serving 15 years in jail and he hears his crime detailed on a radio drama written by Drew, which enables him to gather enough evidence to finally clear his name.[4]",promising writer christopher drew conceals relationship murdered woman order protect career even though results innocent going prison killing upper class drew decides needs hand experience invigorate work explores seedier areas town search inspiration much dismay witnesses murder refuses innocent herbert logan arrested crime presence such neighbourhood would cause scandal logan freed serving years jail hears crime detailed radio drama written drew enables gather enough evidence finally clear name,crime,drama
"In 1844, the Tokugawa shogunate in Japan is in a period of transition, and one of the high ranking lords, Lord Matsudaira, has become tainted by his dissolute and reprobate misconduct. Many leaders in the governing community of the current government feel that the code of honor, bushido, of the samurai is being disgraced by Matsudaira. His reprobate, egotistical, and feckless lifestyle is disgusting to those who come into close contact with him. After receiving reports, Sir Doi is convinced that Matsudaira represents a severe threat to the entire code of honor for the samurai tradition. Sir Doi decides, because of the severity of Matsudaira's misconduct, to take a blood oath to assassinate the reprobate Lord Matsudaira. He enlists a troop of assassins to swear a similar blood oath to do away with Matsudaira in order to restore his country's wellbeing and code of honor.",tokugawa shogunate japan period transition high ranking lords lord matsudaira become tainted dissolute reprobate misconduct many leaders governing community current government feel code honor bushido samurai disgraced matsudaira reprobate egotistical feckless lifestyle disgusting those close contact receiving reports sir doi convinced matsudaira represents severe threat entire code honor samurai tradition sir doi decides severity matsudaira misconduct blood oath assassinate reprobate lord matsudaira enlists troop assassins swear similar blood oath do matsudaira order restore country wellbeing code honor,action,drama
"In this adaptation of Dashiell Hammett's The Farewell Murder,[3] Nick (William Powell) and Nora (Myrna Loy) Charles are back in New York with Asta and a new arrival - Nicky Jr. They are invited by Colonel Burr MacFay (C. Aubrey Smith) to spend the weekend at his house on Long Island. McFay, the former business partner of Nora's father, and the administrator of her fortune, desperately wants Nick to put his well-known detective skills to work, as he has been receiving threats from Phil Church (Sheldon Leonard), a very shady character. When MacFay is killed, Church seems to be the obvious suspect. However, Nick is skeptical. He suspects there is something far more complicated going on. MacFay's housekeeper, his adopted daughter, and various hangers-on all may have had an interest in seeking the old man's demise.",adaptation dashiell hammett farewell murder nick william powell nora myrna loy charles york asta arrival nicky jr invited colonel burr macfay c aubrey smith spend weekend long island mcfay former business partner nora administrator fortune desperately wants nick put well known detective skills work receiving threats phil church sheldon leonard very shady character macfay killed church seems obvious suspect nick skeptical suspects something far complicated going macfay housekeeper adopted daughter various hangers may interest seeking old demise,crime,comedy
"The plot of the film revolves around Ullas (Dileep), a cunning procrastinator in his late 30s who makes a living by deceiving people in his hometown. Money is the only motivator that works for him and he wants it without any risks. For making money he decides to marry a disabled women, Simran. But when better proposal comes from an Indo-Canadian Malayali woman Laya, he chooses that. Immigration to Canada and easy money allures him. Only later does Ullas comes to the knowledge that Laya is a chronic alcoholic. The knowledge of funds deposited in her name, that Laya cannot claim due to her alcoholism, and the possibility of access entices him however and he adjusts with the troubles. In time Ullas falls in love with his alcoholic wife, and the call of a husband makes him care for Laya even in troubles. Laya comes to knowledge about Ullas's original plan through Avinash, Ullas's friend, accidentally. This leads to a divorce case. Initially Ullas gains the upper hand from the court, citing his wife is an alcoholic and she needs treatment and that the divorce case is resistance towards it. Laya gets treated through a de-addiction center. By the guidance of the doctor, Ullas goes with the divorce process to help Laya. Ullas returns and decides to marry Simran. Later Laya understands about the role of Ullas for her wellness, through certain unexpected turn of events they become together again.",plot film revolves around ullas dileep cunning procrastinator late s makes living deceiving people hometown money motivator works wants without any risks making money decides marry disabled women simran better proposal indo canadian malayali woman laya chooses immigration canada easy money allures ullas knowledge laya chronic alcoholic knowledge funds deposited name laya cannot claim due alcoholism possibility access entices adjusts troubles time ullas falls love alcoholic wife call husband makes care laya even troubles laya knowledge ullas original plan avinash ullas friend accidentally leads divorce case initially ullas gains upper hand court citing wife alcoholic needs treatment divorce case resistance towards laya treated de addiction center guidance doctor ullas divorce process laya ullas returns decides marry simran laya understands role ullas wellness certain unexpected turn events become together,comedy,drama
"Mickey (Normand) is an adult orphan who has been raised since girlhood in poverty near Feather River, California by an unsuccessful miner, Joe Meadows, and his housekeeper, Minnie. Mickey is the free-spirited, uncultured daughter of the miner's deceased partner. Meadows took charge of Mickey at his dying partner's request. Mickey is sent to live in Great Neck, Long Island--part of suburban New York City--with her aunt (Mrs. Geoffrey Drake) and her family. Mrs. Drake is under the impression that Mickey is wealthy and well refined. When Mickey arrives at her aunt's luxurious home, the aunt is disappointed that she is not well-to-do and puts her to work as a servant. Mickey's presence there sparks an awkward love triangle involving her, her cousin (Elsie Drake), and young mining executive Herbert Thornhill (Wheeler Oakman) whom Mickey first encountered in California. Just after Mickey is sent packing, a telegram arrives for her announcing that a vein has been struck on Joe's Tomboy mine and she is suddenly worth millions. Mrs. Drake's opinion of Mickey changes quickly and she is welcomed back--in the hope she and Reggie Drake will become a couple. Herbert had recently proposed to Elsie, but realizes he truly loves Mickey. Shortly afterward, Herbert receives a telegram from his lawyer, Tom Rawlings, explaining that his mining claims are now invalid and thus worthless. Elsie and Mrs. Drake find the telegram and call off the wedding because Herbert is now bankrupt. Herbert tries to regain his fortune by borrowing $5,000 and betting it on a horse race. The race is rigged--and Mickey finds out about the plot. Just as the race is about to begin, Mickey dresses in jockey silks, unhorses the crooked jockey, and tries to win the race by riding it for Herbert. Just as it appears Mickey's horse will win, she falls from her mount. Some time later Mickey reluctantly goes horseback riding with Reggie who tries to molest her in an abandoned house. Herbert arrives on the scene, battles Reggie, and rescues Mickey as she is dangling dangerously from the rooftop. Mickey and Herbert are married. As they depart on their honeymoon, a note arrives from lawyer Rawlings explaining the earlier telegram about his mining interests being worthless was a ruse designed to get Herbert out of his loveless engagement to Elsie Drake. The film ends with both Mickey and Herbert happily in love, wed, and exceedingly wealthy.",mickey normand adult orphan raised since girlhood poverty near feather river california unsuccessful miner joe meadows housekeeper minnie mickey free spirited uncultured daughter miner deceased partner meadows took charge mickey dying partner request mickey sent live great neck long island part suburban york city aunt mrs geoffrey drake family mrs drake under impression mickey wealthy well refined mickey arrives aunt luxurious home aunt disappointed well do puts work servant mickey presence sparks awkward love triangle involving cousin elsie drake young mining executive herbert thornhill wheeler oakman whom mickey encountered california mickey sent packing telegram arrives announcing vein struck joe tomboy mine suddenly worth millions mrs drake opinion mickey changes quickly welcomed hope reggie drake become couple herbert recently proposed elsie realizes truly loves mickey shortly afterward herbert receives telegram lawyer tom rawlings explaining mining claims invalid thus worthless elsie mrs drake find telegram call wedding herbert bankrupt herbert regain fortune borrowing betting horse race race rigged mickey plot race begin mickey dresses jockey silks unhorses crooked jockey win race riding herbert appears mickey horse win falls mount time mickey reluctantly horseback riding reggie molest abandoned herbert arrives scene battles reggie rescues mickey dangling dangerously rooftop mickey herbert married depart honeymoon note arrives lawyer rawlings explaining earlier telegram mining interests worthless ruse designed herbert loveless engagement elsie drake film ends mickey herbert happily love wed exceedingly wealthy,comedy,drama
"Sveta (Oksana Akinshina) and Dina (Katya Gorina) are two half-sisters. Dina is spoiled and lives with her mother Natalia (Tatiana Kolganova) and father Alik (Roman Ageyev), who is a mid-ranking gangster, while Sveta lives with her grandma (Tatyana Tkach) in a more humble existence and wishes to be a sniper in the Russian Army. Upon Alik's release from prison after doing some time for a robbery, some of his old associates demand him to pay them back some money he allegedly owes. When he refuses, they attempt to kidnap the two girls to try to intimidate him to give them the money. However they manage to escape, and go on the run from the mob through semi-rural Russia while their father attempts to sort affairs with the other gangsters.",sveta oksana akinshina dina katya gorina half sisters dina spoiled lives mother natalia tatiana kolganova alik roman ageyev mid ranking gangster sveta lives grandma tatyana tkach humble existence wishes sniper russian army upon alik release prison doing time robbery old associates demand pay money allegedly owes refuses attempt kidnap girls try intimidate give money manage escape run mob semi rural russia attempts sort affairs gangsters,crime,drama
This film is based on a real-life story of a young man from a well-civilized family who takes the criminal route due to unavoidable circumstances.,film based real life story young well civilized family criminal route due unavoidable circumstances,action,drama
A British boxing promoter tries to get an opportunity for his man to fight for the title in America.,british boxing promoter opportunity fight title america,comedy,drama
"The Earth is passing through the tail of a comet, an event which has not occurred in 65 million years and coincidentally with the extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs. On the night of the comet's passage, which takes place eleven days before Christmas, large crowds gather outside to watch and celebrate. 18-year-old Regina Reggie Belmont works at a movie theater in southern California. She is annoyed to find the initials DMK have the sixth highest score on the theater's Tempest video game, on which all the other scores are hers. She stays after the theater closes to play until DMK's score is removed and to have sex with her boyfriend Larry, the theater projectionist, in the steel-lined projection booth. Meanwhile, Reggie's 16-year-old sister Samantha Sam argues with their stepmother Doris, who punches her in the face. Sam then spends the night in a steel backyard shed. The next morning, a reddish haze covers everything, and there are no signs of life, only piles of red dust and heaps of clothing. Unaware that anything strange has happened, Larry goes outside and is killed by a zombie wielding a pipe wrench. When Reggie goes looking for Larry, she encounters the zombie, but escapes. She heads home to find her sister. Because both Reggie and Sam spent the night shielded from cosmic effects by steel, they were saved from the comet's effects. After figuring out what has happened, they hear a disc jockey and race to the radio station, only to find it was just a recording. They come across another survivor there, Hector Gomez, who spent the night in the back of his steel truck. When Sam talks into the microphone, she is heard by researchers in an underground installation out in the desert. As they listen to Reggie, Sam and Hector debate what to do, the scientists note that the zombies, though less exposed to the comet, will eventually disintegrate into dust themselves. Hector leaves to see if any of his family survived, but promises to come back. Reggie and Sam then go shopping at a mall. After a firefight with some zombie stock boys, the girls are taken prisoner, but are saved by a rescue team sent by the scientists. Reggie is taken back to their base. Audrey White, a disillusioned scientist, offers to dispose of Sam, who was diagnosed as having been exposed, and to wait for Hector. After she fakes euthanizing Sam by injecting her with a sedative that only put her to sleep, she kills the other remaining scientist. When Hector returns after an encounter with a zombie child, Audrey briefs him on the situation and then gives herself a lethal injection. He and Sam set out to rescue Reggie. The researchers had suspected and prepared for the comet's effects, but inadvertently left their ventilation system open and the fans running during the comet's passage, allowing the deadly dust to permeate their base. Meanwhile, Reggie has become suspicious, escapes, and discovers that the dying scientists have hunted down and rendered healthy survivors brain dead. They harvest their untainted blood to keep the disease at bay while they search desperately for a cure. Reggie saves a boy and a girl before they are processed, then unplugs the other victims from their life support machines. Hector and Sam get the trio out of the base. Eventually, rain washes away the red dust, leaving the world in a pristine condition. After Reggie pairs up with Hector, Sam feels left out, as the others are kids. When she ignores Reggie's warning and crosses a deserted street against the still-operating signal light, she is almost run over by a sports car driven by Danny Mason Keener, a teenager about her own age. After apologizing, he invites her to go for a ride. As they drive off, the car is shown sporting the initials DMK on the vanity plate.",earth passing tail comet event occurred million years coincidentally extinction event wiped dinosaurs night comet passage place eleven days christmas large crowds gather outside watch celebrate year old regina reggie belmont works movie theater southern california annoyed find initials dmk sixth highest score theater tempest video game scores hers stays theater closes play until dmk score removed sex boyfriend larry theater projectionist steel lined projection booth reggie year old sister samantha sam argues stepmother doris punches face sam spends night steel backyard shed morning reddish haze covers everything signs life piles red dust heaps clothing unaware anything strange happened larry outside killed zombie wielding pipe wrench reggie looking larry encounters zombie escapes heads home find sister reggie sam spent night shielded cosmic effects steel were saved comet effects figuring happened hear disc jockey race radio station find recording across survivor hector gomez spent night steel truck sam talks microphone heard researchers underground installation desert listen reggie sam hector debate do scientists note zombies though less exposed comet disintegrate dust themselves hector leaves see any family survived promises reggie sam shopping mall firefight zombie stock boys girls taken prisoner saved rescue team sent scientists reggie taken base audrey white disillusioned scientist offers dispose sam diagnosed exposed wait hector fakes euthanizing sam injecting sedative put sleep kills remaining scientist hector returns encounter zombie child audrey briefs situation gives herself lethal injection sam set rescue reggie researchers suspected prepared comet effects inadvertently left ventilation system open fans running comet passage allowing deadly dust permeate base reggie become suspicious escapes discovers dying scientists hunted rendered healthy survivors brain dead harvest untainted blood keep disease bay search desperately cure reggie saves boy girl processed unplugs victims life support machines hector sam trio base rain washes red dust leaving world pristine condition reggie pairs hector sam feels left others kids ignores reggie warning crosses deserted street against operating signal light almost run sports car driven danny mason keener teenager age apologizing invites ride drive car shown sporting initials dmk vanity plate,sci-fi,horror
"Married couple Sarah (King) and Jason (Chen), and son Sammy (Oey), travel to Vancouver for the funeral of Uncle Raymond (Foo). During this time, Sammy begins to see ghosts and falls gravely ill, his illness coinciding with the Chinese festival of Ghost Month. After traditional western medicine fails to help Sammy, Sarah turns to a mysterious pharmacist who tells her that her son is held in a death grip by a living corpse. Sarah now must find what the spirits want before the last day of Ghost Month, or Sammy will be lost forever.",married couple sarah king jason chen son sammy oey travel vancouver funeral uncle raymond foo time sammy see ghosts falls gravely ill illness coinciding chinese festival ghost month traditional western medicine fails sammy sarah turns mysterious pharmacist son held death grip living corpse sarah must find spirits want last day ghost month or sammy lost forever,horror,drama
"A woman comes to Yūko to ask for assistance because her key (an elaborate golden artifact) won't unlock her mansion. Coincidentally, Yūko receives an invitation to the same mansion. She takes Watanuki and Dōmeki along with her to solve the mystery. When they reach the place, a grand mansion with a tower, they are able to enter without trouble, but they discover they aren't the only people there. Many collectors were invited to what they believe to be some kind of auction that would enable to complete their collections. Watanuki feels that something dangerous is happening, as strange events take place at night and the organizer of the auction doesn't present himself. When collectors start disappearing one by one, Watanuki and Dōmeki penetrate the depths of the mansion. Browsing through a variety of collections in the rooms of the mansion, among them a room full of barbed wire, a room full of chains, and a room full of masks, they find out that the captured collectors are kept in what looks like a collection of paintings. They are joined by Yūko to meet the Collector, a ghost-like entity who seeks to have the greatest collection of anything ever. The Collector summons apparitions against them, and Watanuki and Dōmeki have to fight them, while Ichihara confronts the Collector himself. When it seems that she has been captured by the Collector, she reveals the true reason of his desire to collect, an old promise made to a little girl a long time ago. The revelation makes the mansion disappear, and they appear outside of a much smaller house, where the Collector admiringly re-encounters the girl, now an old lady in a wheelchair, who was actually the woman who hired Yūko. With the curse dissipated and the collectors liberated, the trio move to a nearby resort, where Yūko also brings Himawari and Mokona. In the final scene, Syaoran and Sakura make an appeal to Yūko to free the Birdcage Kingdom from the darkness. Yūko helps by giving them the key that helped unlock the mansion.",woman y ko ask assistance key elaborate golden artifact wo unlock mansion coincidentally y ko receives invitation same mansion watanuki d meki along solve mystery reach place grand mansion tower able enter without trouble discover people many collectors were invited believe kind auction would enable complete collections watanuki feels something dangerous happening strange events place night organizer auction present collectors start disappearing watanuki d meki penetrate depths mansion browsing variety collections rooms mansion among room full barbed wire room full chains room full masks find captured collectors kept looks like collection paintings joined y ko meet collector ghost like entity seeks greatest collection anything ever collector summons apparitions against watanuki d meki fight ichihara confronts collector seems captured collector reveals true reason desire collect old promise made little girl long time ago revelation makes mansion disappear appear outside much smaller collector admiringly re encounters girl old lady wheelchair actually woman hired y ko curse dissipated collectors liberated trio move nearby resort y ko brings himawari mokona final scene syaoran sakura appeal y ko free birdcage kingdom darkness y ko helps giving key helped unlock mansion,animation,horror
"Carter Doc McCoy and his wife Carol are taking target practice with pistols when Rudy arrives to propose they break a Mexican drug lord's nephew out of jail for a $300,000 payment. The job is successful, but it turns out the drug lord wanted his nephew free to kill him. Rudy is waiting with a getaway plane, but he sees police cars and leaves Doc behind. After a year in a Mexican jail, Doc sends Carol to mob boss Jack Benyon, who is looking to put together a select team of experts to rob a dog track in Arizona. Benyon agrees to get Doc released from prison, in exchange for sexual favors from Carol first. Doc gets out and meets the men Benyon has hired. One is Rudy, along with Hansen, who seems inexperienced. Rudy extends a hand and says No hard feelings but is punched by Doc and warned not to double-cross him again. At the track, while Doc is breaking into the vault, a guard pulls a gun and is shot by Hansen in a panic. The thieves escape by creating a diversion with a bomb under a gas truck and leave with the cash. The plan was for Doc and Carol to meet Rudy and Hansen later to split the money. On the road, Rudy kills Hansen and pushes him out of the car. Doc arrives at the rendezvous point, where Rudy again pulls a gun. Doc expected this and is ready with his own weapon, shooting Rudy and leaving him for dead. Doc and Carol drive off with all the money, unaware that Rudy was wearing a bullet-proof vest. A wounded Rudy drives to a local clinic, where he holds veterinarian Harold and his wife Fran hostage, forces them to treat his wounds and drive him to El Paso. An attraction develops between Rudy and Fran and they taunt her meek husband. At a motel, Rudy has sex with Fran after tying Harold to a chair. Hearing his wife's moans and her laughter at him, a heart-broken Harold commits suicide by hanging himself. Fran barely looks back as she accompanies Rudy to El Paso. Doc and Carol go to Benyon's house with the money. Benyon drops broad hints about what Carol did to get Doc out of jail. Carol approaches with a gun, unseen by Doc as he counts the money. Benyon clearly expects her to shoot Doc, but she kills him instead. Doc is upset, but Carol says she did what she had to do to help Doc and assumes he'd do the same if their situations were reversed. There continues to be tension between the pair, particularly when Carol loses the money to a con man at a train station in Flagstaff. Doc has to board the train, find the man and subdue him to retrieve the money. They proceed to the rustic Border Hotel in El Paso, owned by Doc's friend Gollie, to get new passports and identities so they can escape to Mexico. Rudy is already there waiting with Fran. Benyon's men, led by Jim Deer want the money and arrive in El Paso. Rudy sets a trap and Doc is startled to see him alive. He knocks out Rudy but resists killing him in cold blood. A long and bloody gunfight ensues with Doc and Carol shooting it out with Benyon's men in the halls and stairwells of the hotel. Rudy comes to his senses just as the last of Benyon's men die. He makes one more attempt to get the money and after a hand-to-hand fight is killed by Doc in an elevator when Doc shoots the cables, sending the elevator plummeting down to ground level. Doc and Carol hijack a pickup truck driven by Slim, an old cowboy, and drive to the border of Mexico. They buy the cowboy's truck and make their getaway.",carter doc mccoy wife carol taking target practice pistols rudy arrives propose break mexican drug lord nephew jail payment job successful turns drug lord wanted nephew free kill rudy waiting getaway plane sees police cars leaves doc behind year mexican jail doc sends carol mob boss jack benyon looking put together select team experts rob dog track arizona benyon agrees doc released prison exchange sexual favors carol doc meets men benyon hired rudy along hansen seems inexperienced rudy extends hand says hard feelings punched doc warned double cross track doc breaking vault guard pulls gun shot hansen panic thieves escape creating diversion bomb under gas truck leave cash plan doc carol meet rudy hansen split money road rudy kills hansen pushes car doc arrives rendezvous point rudy pulls gun doc expected ready weapon shooting rudy leaving dead doc carol drive money unaware rudy wearing bullet proof vest wounded rudy drives local clinic holds veterinarian harold wife fran hostage forces treat wounds drive el paso attraction develops rudy fran taunt meek husband motel rudy sex fran tying harold chair hearing wife moans laughter heart broken harold commits suicide hanging fran barely looks accompanies rudy el paso doc carol benyon money benyon drops broad hints carol did doc jail carol approaches gun unseen doc counts money benyon clearly expects shoot doc kills instead doc upset carol says did do doc assumes would do same situations were reversed continues tension pair particularly carol loses money con train station flagstaff doc board train find subdue retrieve money proceed rustic border hotel el paso owned doc friend gollie passports identities escape mexico rudy already waiting fran benyon men led jim deer want money arrive el paso rudy sets trap doc startled see alive knocks rudy resists killing cold blood long bloody gunfight ensues doc carol shooting benyon men halls stairwells hotel rudy senses last benyon men die makes attempt money hand hand fight killed doc elevator doc shoots cables sending elevator plummeting ground level doc carol hijack pickup truck driven slim old cowboy drive border mexico buy cowboy truck getaway,action,western
"Vichu (Silambarasan) is a quiet village priest brought up by his maternal grandfather (Nedumudi Venu). Owing to specific reasons, the caring elder has purposefully toned down (Simbu uses his eyes to convey the inner quietude of Vichu) the young boy's emotional quotient and has taught him a peculiar art of living. As a result, Vichu is soft-spoken, passive and is groomed to tolerate all sorts of malicious misdemeanors aimed at him. Vichu assists his grandfather in carrying out the religious rituals as well as being the care-taker of the temple. Vichu's only consolation comes in the company of his sweetheart Janu (Sana Khan). Janu's kiddish jokes and teasing remarks make up for all the precious and youthful moments he has missed in his growing-up years. Though Vichu abides by his elder's advice, an incident in the temple premises reveals his real persona. On the particular day, Vichu witnesses a big band of ruffians bashing a seemingly meek individual. Becoming furious at the sight of the power-play, Vichu gets into the tussle and saves the victim. But, as the man takes a hard look at his saviour face, he is stunned! What is the secrecy in Vichu's past? How does it intimidate the stranger? Cut to a flashback, there is a huge clash between the two village groups headed by Muthuvel (Prabhu) and Veeraiyan (Ponvannan). Reason? Veeriayan claims back every bit of land he has donated to the landless and poor villagers whereas Muthuvel and his brother Tamizharasan (Silambarasan) oppose his order. In the violent power-struggle, too many people die. It includes the fervent activist Tamizh, his dear wife Gayathri (Sneha) and Veeraiyan himself. Veeraiyan stabs himself and says that Tamizh stabbed him to death. The police come in search of Tamizh but he is missing in the house. He is with Gayathri on that night in a goods train. Tamizh is produced before court and as he was missing on that night, he is doubted and granted punishment. But Gayathri intervenes and says that she spent that night along with Tamizh on that train. She says that they behaved like how a husband & wife would be in each other's company. It's proven and Tamizh is released. Only Veeraiyan's last son Duraisingham (Kishore of Polladhavan fame) and Muthuvel are spared in the tragedy. The burning intensity of the mishap stays alive in Duraisingham's heart and Muthuvel is another witness to the past. What happens next? Duraisingam enters Muthuvel's house and kills everyone including Tamizh. A large group of rowdies enter and kill the rest. It is revealed that Gayathri escapes to her father's home and later, dies giving birth to Vichu. The rest of the film is about Vichu settling the long-term dispute and explaining the situation to his grandfather.",vichu silambarasan quiet village priest brought maternal grandfather nedumudi venu owing specific reasons caring elder purposefully toned simbu uses eyes convey inner quietude vichu young boy emotional quotient taught peculiar art living result vichu soft spoken passive groomed tolerate sorts malicious misdemeanors aimed vichu assists grandfather carrying religious rituals well care taker temple vichu consolation company sweetheart janu sana khan janu kiddish jokes teasing remarks precious youthful moments missed growing years though vichu abides elder advice incident temple premises reveals real persona particular day vichu witnesses big band ruffians bashing seemingly meek individual becoming furious sight power play vichu tussle saves victim hard look saviour face stunned secrecy vichu past how intimidate stranger cut flashback huge clash village groups headed muthuvel prabhu veeraiyan ponvannan reason veeriayan claims every bit land donated landless poor villagers whereas muthuvel brother tamizharasan silambarasan oppose order violent power struggle too many people die includes fervent activist tamizh dear wife gayathri sneha veeraiyan veeraiyan stabs says tamizh stabbed death police search tamizh missing gayathri night goods train tamizh produced court missing night doubted granted punishment gayathri intervenes says spent night along tamizh train says behaved like how husband wife would each company proven tamizh released veeraiyan last son duraisingham kishore polladhavan fame muthuvel spared tragedy burning intensity mishap stays alive duraisingham heart muthuvel witness past happens duraisingam enters muthuvel kills everyone including tamizh large group rowdies enter kill rest revealed gayathri escapes home dies giving birth vichu rest film vichu settling long term dispute explaining situation grandfather,action,romance
"Police inspector Anand is very honest, he is known for his honesty, diligence and bravery. He single-handedly captures and arrests notorious smuggler and criminal Jack (Ranjit), who is sentenced to several years of jail. Anand (Vinod Khanna) in disguise, also captures gangster Gulkhan (Amjad Khan), who is also sentenced to a long term in jail. Anand's wife Rekha is not very honest and trustworthy and has an affair with another man named Somesh. There are a lot of fights and arguments between husband and wife and Anand threatens to kill her. He starts following his wife hoping to catch her and Somesh red-handed. Shortly after that, Rekha and Somesh are found dead and Anand is arrested for their murder, though he has not killed them. To prove his innocence and to find the real murderers, he escapes from jail and surprisingly comes back face to face with his foes. Ultimately, he is proved innocent and the real murderer is arrested.[5]",police inspector anand very honest known honesty diligence bravery single handedly captures arrests notorious smuggler criminal jack ranjit sentenced several years jail anand vinod khanna disguise captures gangster gulkhan amjad khan sentenced long term jail anand wife rekha very honest trustworthy affair named somesh lot fights arguments husband wife anand threatens kill starts following wife hoping catch somesh red handed shortly rekha somesh found dead anand arrested murder though killed prove innocence find real murderers escapes jail surprisingly face face foes ultimately proved innocent real murderer arrested,drama,action
"As described in a film magazine,[3] after her drunken husband Tom Eastman (Gerard) brings home three cabaret women, Lucretia (Lake) can no longer bear the abuse and turns to arctic explorer Frank Underwood (Valentino), who has long loved her and promised to come whenever she needs his help. Urging her husband to become a man and do something worth wile, Lucretia goes with him to the North seas in search of a treasure ship. Tom becomes panic stricken and turns back, while she goes on with Frank, who is on the same mission in his own ship. The two fight against temptation and win, and when their ship is destroyed on the ice they set off to civilization with a dog sled. They are saved by a government cruiser.",described film magazine drunken husband tom eastman gerard brings home three cabaret women lucretia lake longer bear abuse turns arctic explorer frank underwood valentino long loved promised whenever needs urging husband become do something worth wile lucretia north seas search treasure ship tom panic stricken turns frank same mission ship fight against temptation win ship destroyed ice set civilization dog sled saved government cruiser,romance,drama
"The story is set around Ranirghat of Murshidabad District in West Bengal in the early 1950s. It is the story of a 20-year-old orphan called Faltu (faltu in Bengali means worthless, junk) and his search for the man who has fathered him. This is also the account of a village and its people, woven around a narrative with myriad moments and a lot of dramatic events. Ranirghat is a village made up of refugees from the then East Pakistan. (Its current population is 148.) The lives of the villagers take a new turn when a census official questions Faltu's parentage. While it is well-known that Faltu is the son of Sureswari Dasi aka Suri Khepi (a mad woman on the street played Indrani Haldar), no one knows who his father is. Neither does Faltu nor he has even bothered with the question. He was happy with what he was doing — driving a bus and ferrying villagers. The census official's question opens a Pandora's box. It turns out that many apparently upright men in the village — including Ismail (Biplab Chatterjee), who brought up Faltu and taught him driving — raped Suri Khepi, taking advantage of her mental condition. Everybody knows that Faltu's father is one of them, but nobody is sure of who that is. Faltu is not particularly concerned. He is more interested in earning his living, and pursuing his love interest — Tuktuki (Manjari Fadnis). A government order brings in bad news for the villagers of Ranirghat. As part of development plans, the government wants to construct a bridge from the village across the river and villagers have to vacate. They agree to do so but, before parting ways, they want Faltu and Tuktuki to get married to make up for what they had done to Suri Khepi. A guilty feeling haunts all the rapists. The elders of the village call a meeting to organize the marriage. When they propose the marriage to Tuktuki's father, he flatly disagrees in a weird manner. He goes to Faltu and discloses that he also had raped Suri Khepi: The marriage should not occur as Faltu and Tuktuki are stepbrother and sister. Tuktuki overheard this. She commits suicide, and the next morning she is found hanging from a tree. The villagers of Ranirghat left with pain-stricken hearts, while the background narrator declares that with a proud and wounded heart, and several questions in mind, the undefeated Faltu drives on. As the construction work of the bridge goes on, the last bit of film captures a night sequence at the construction site: an engineer, sensing the presence of any unknown one, turns on his torch on the person. The last scene freezes there, showing another mad woman trying to drink water from the streamlets pouring down from the upper iron structure. Like the case of Suri Khepi, perhaps this was the beginning of another story of committing sins. The entire story deals with human relations and how the guilt of having done something wrong haunts everyone in the village. They want to make up for their sins, but end up opening a new can of worms and spoiling a marriage.",story set around ranirghat murshidabad district west bengal early s story year old orphan called faltu faltu bengali means worthless junk search fathered account village people woven around narrative myriad moments lot dramatic events ranirghat village made refugees east pakistan current population lives villagers turn census official questions faltu parentage well known faltu son sureswari dasi aka suri khepi mad woman street played indrani haldar knows neither faltu nor even bothered question happy doing driving bus ferrying villagers census official question opens pandora box turns many apparently upright men village including ismail biplab chatterjee brought faltu taught driving raped suri khepi taking advantage mental condition everybody knows faltu nobody sure faltu particularly concerned interested earning living pursuing love interest tuktuki manjari fadnis government order brings bad news villagers ranirghat part development plans government wants construct bridge village across river villagers vacate agree do parting ways want faltu tuktuki married done suri khepi guilty feeling haunts rapists elders village call meeting organize marriage propose marriage tuktuki flatly disagrees weird manner faltu discloses raped suri khepi marriage should occur faltu tuktuki stepbrother sister tuktuki overheard commits suicide morning found hanging tree villagers ranirghat left pain stricken hearts background narrator declares proud wounded heart several questions mind undefeated faltu drives construction work bridge last bit film captures night sequence construction site engineer sensing presence any unknown turns torch person last scene freezes showing mad woman trying drink water streamlets pouring upper iron structure like case suri khepi perhaps beginning story committing sins entire story deals human relations how guilt done something wrong haunts everyone village want sins end opening worms spoiling marriage,romance,drama
"Prakash, educated yet an unemployed youth, struggles to find a job, his father Satya Narain is a head clerk, has a large family consisting of two sons, two daughters, wife and old mother. The dream child of this family is the eldest son Prakash, but in this era of rampant corruption, Prakash fails to get a respectable job, joins an ironsmith and starts believing in the indignity of labour. His younger brother Chandan proves to be a black sheep and joins a gang of rowdies. Satya Narain manages a further loan to marry the eldest daughter, which is stolen by his brother-in-law, who had come to live like a parasite and demanded his balance dowry. Satya Narain dies of a heart attack, the burden of the family falls on Prakash's shoulders and now he is given a chance to pay off his father's debts by selling their only possession, their house. The maidservant Radhika always stood by this family through thick and thin, who is in love with Prakash. The elder daughter runs away from the house, though she is the sole cause of the untold misery which had befallen the family. Prakash anyway, searches her and marries her. Then it is suddenly revealed that Radhika is the daughter of a very rich man and had left her house due to an ego problem with her father. Chandan, the black sheep, makes all attempts to destroy his own family. Prakash faces these onslaughts bravely. And one day, when Chandan's own rowdy friends want to kill him and his elder brother Prakash, saves him, then his eyes open.",prakash educated yet unemployed youth struggles find job satya narain head clerk large family consisting sons daughters wife old mother dream child family eldest son prakash era rampant corruption prakash fails respectable job joins ironsmith starts believing indignity labour younger brother chandan proves black sheep joins gang rowdies satya narain manages further loan marry eldest daughter stolen brother law live like parasite demanded balance dowry satya narain dies heart attack burden family falls prakash shoulders given chance pay debts selling possession maidservant radhika always stood family thick thin love prakash elder daughter runs though sole cause untold misery befallen family prakash anyway searches marries suddenly revealed radhika daughter very rich left due ego problem chandan black sheep makes attempts destroy family prakash faces these onslaughts bravely day chandan rowdy friends want kill elder brother prakash saves eyes open,drama,romance
"During the Clone Wars, Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi lead a small Republic clone army against the Separatist droid army on the planet Christophsis. Awaiting reinforcements, the two Jedi greet a shuttle carrying the young Jedi Ahsoka Tano, who insists that she has been assigned by Jedi Master Yoda to serve as Anakin's Padawan. Anakin begrudgingly accepts Ahsoka's apprenticeship, and the two succeed in deactivating the Separatists' energy field while Obi-Wan stalls the droid army commander, allowing a Republic victory. Ahsoka earns Anakin's respect. Following the battle, Yoda arrives and informs the Jedi that crime lord Jabba the Hutt's son Rotta has been kidnapped. Anakin and Ahsoka are tasked with retrieving the Huttlet, while Obi-Wan is sent to Tatooine to negotiate with Jabba over a potential treaty between the Hutts and the Republic. Anakin and Ahsoka find Rotta on the planet Teth, where they are ambushed by Separatist forces led by Count Dooku's apprentice Asajj Ventress, discovering that Dooku hopes to frame the Jedi for Rotta's kidnapping. The Jedi manage to escape the trap along with R2-D2 and hijack a derelict transport with which they travel to Tatooine. Obi-Wan, alerted by Anakin, arrives on Teth and defeats Ventress in a lightsaber duel, though she manages to escape. Meanwhile, Senator Padmé Amidala, Anakin's secret wife, learns of Anakin's mission and fears for his safety. She decides to contact Jabba's uncle Ziro in Coruscant. The Hutt refuses to cooperate, apparently believing that it is the Jedi who are responsible for the situation. However, Padmé soon discovers that Ziro has actually conspired with Dooku to have Rotta killed in order for Jabba to have Anakin and Ahsoka executed in return, which will force the Jedi Council, led by Yoda, to take Jabba into custody and allow Ziro to seize power over the Hutt clans. Padmé is discovered and detained, but a chance call by C-3PO enables her to summon a squadron of clone troopers, and Ziro is arrested. Upon their arrival on Tatooine, Anakin and Ahsoka are shot down by MagnaGuards. Anakin devises a ruse to confront Dooku while carrying a decoy Rotta, leaving Ahsoka to take the real Rotta to Jabba's palace. While Anakin fights off Dooku, Ahsoka is ambushed by the MagnaGuards, whom she defeats. The two deliver Rotta safely to Jabba, who nonetheless orders the Jedi's execution for their supposed attempt to kidnap him. However, Padmé contacts Jabba in time and reveals Ziro and the Separatists' responsibility for the kidnapping. Acknowledging the Jedi's heroism and allowing the Republic to have Ziro punished for his betrayal, Jabba agrees to the Republic treaty while Anakin and Ahsoka are retrieved by Obi-Wan and Yoda. In the meantime during his escape, Dooku reports to his master Darth Sidious about the failure of their plot against the Jedi and Jabba, but the Sith Lord assures him that the tide of war is still in their favor.",clone wars jedi knights anakin skywalker obi wan kenobi lead small republic clone army against separatist droid army planet christophsis awaiting reinforcements jedi greet shuttle carrying young jedi ahsoka tano insists assigned jedi master yoda serve anakin padawan anakin begrudgingly accepts ahsoka apprenticeship succeed deactivating separatists energy field obi wan stalls droid army commander allowing republic victory ahsoka earns anakin respect following battle yoda arrives informs jedi crime lord jabba hutt son rotta kidnapped anakin ahsoka tasked retrieving huttlet obi wan sent tatooine negotiate jabba potential treaty hutts republic anakin ahsoka find rotta planet teth ambushed separatist forces led count dooku apprentice asajj ventress discovering dooku hopes frame jedi rotta kidnapping jedi manage escape trap along r d hijack derelict transport travel tatooine obi wan alerted anakin arrives teth defeats ventress lightsaber duel though manages escape senator padm amidala anakin secret wife learns anakin mission fears safety decides contact jabba uncle ziro coruscant hutt refuses cooperate apparently believing jedi responsible situation padm discovers ziro actually conspired dooku rotta killed order jabba anakin ahsoka executed return force jedi council led yoda jabba custody allow ziro seize power hutt clans padm discovered detained chance call c po enables summon squadron clone troopers ziro arrested upon arrival tatooine anakin ahsoka shot magnaguards anakin devises ruse confront dooku carrying decoy rotta leaving ahsoka real rotta jabba palace anakin fights dooku ahsoka ambushed magnaguards whom defeats deliver rotta safely jabba nonetheless orders jedi execution supposed attempt kidnap padm contacts jabba time reveals ziro separatists responsibility kidnapping acknowledging jedi heroism allowing republic ziro punished betrayal jabba agrees republic treaty anakin ahsoka retrieved obi wan yoda meantime escape dooku reports master darth sidious failure plot against jedi jabba sith lord assures tide war favor,animation,action
"The young princess Vasilisa from a faraway kingdom is too enthusiastic about her education and she dreams of marrying out of love only. Her father, an elderly king, not unfamiliar with intrigues, gives up in trying to get his daughter to settle down. Meanwhile, his minister, cunning and dexterous, but not very intelligent, under the influence of a living shadow-spirit with sin in half decides to steal the famous royal key from the secret storage. In the opinion of this spirit, the best way to realize this plan is to marry Vasilisa. However, before the minister manages to convince the king in what he wants, the king announces to his daughter that she must get married to the first man she meets. And this man turns out to be a certain Ivan from the neighboring kingdom - a simple guy, hard-working and good-natured, who dreams of becoming a fireman. By chance, the unwilling bride and groom fall in love with each other. But in order to defend their right to happiness, they have to endure many trials.",young princess vasilisa faraway kingdom too enthusiastic education dreams marrying love elderly king unfamiliar intrigues gives trying daughter settle minister cunning dexterous very intelligent under influence living shadow spirit sin half decides steal famous royal key secret storage opinion spirit best realize plan marry vasilisa minister manages convince king wants king announces daughter must married meets turns certain ivan neighboring kingdom simple guy hard working good natured dreams becoming fireman chance unwilling bride groom fall love each order defend right happiness endure many trials,animation,romance
"Inspector Dev Kumar and Gaurav (alias Guru) are childhood friends. While Dev Kumar is with the police, his dad, Parshu Ram, works with the underworld and is the right-hand man of Kakhan, a criminal don who is Guru's dad. When Inspector Khan is assigned the case of apprehending Kakhan, his first suspect is Dev himself. Dev must prove to Khan that he is earnest and will not hesitate to arrest Kakhan. It remains to be seen if Dev will apprehend his friend's dad or just play around.",inspector dev kumar gaurav alias guru childhood friends dev kumar police dad parshu ram works underworld right hand kakhan criminal don guru dad inspector khan assigned case apprehending kakhan suspect dev dev must prove khan earnest hesitate arrest kakhan remains seen dev apprehend friend dad or play around,romance,action
"When Sylvia Day (Mae Clarke) is caught trying to pull a scam on the Taylor Department Store in New York City, she pleads with the store manager to let her go, but his boss, Joe Smith (Ralph Bellamy), insists on following store policy, and she is handed over to the police, convicted and sentenced to a year in prison. Sylvia is consumed with the idea of getting revenge on Joe. She becomes friends with chatty fellow inmate Jeanie Vance (Marie Prevost), who offers to team up with her (and commit more crimes) once they have served their time. When Sylvia learns that Jeanie has a surprising connection to Joe, she decides to get out early. She sets a fire, then passes out from the smoke while trying to put it out. For her heroism, she is granted parole. Tony Gratton (Hale Hamilton), her partner in the failed con, tries to talk her into marrying him and going to Chicago to continue their life of crime, but she is determined to avenge herself. Besides, she knows that Tony is already married. Sylvia stalks Joe, learning all she can about him. Then, she pretends to be an old acquaintance at a nightclub where Joe is celebrating his promotion to general manager by getting drunk. The next morning, Joe discovers her in his apartment. She informs him that they have gotten married. Joe laughs, then tells her that he already has a wife. She tells him she knows (it is Jeanie), then reveals her motives. Tony shows up, masquerading as the person who married them; he gives Joe the marriage license the couple supposedly left behind. Threatened with a charge of bigamy, Joe reluctantly agrees to support Sylvia for a year, the length of her parole. Tony tries again to get Sylvia to be his partner in crime. When she refuses, he slips a counterfeit $20 bill in her purse. Sylvia goes on a shopping spree and pays for some of her purchases with the bill. It is traced back to her, but when a policeman shows up to take her back to jail, Joe pretends that she took the money out of his pants pocket. As a store manager, he deals with counterfeit money all the time. The ploy works, and Jeanie sends back her extravagant purchases. Later, Joe calls her from the office and asks her for a favor. Mr. Taylor (Ferdinand Gottschalk), the store's somewhat eccentric owner, has found out that Joe is married, so he is coming to dinner at their apartment. While Sylvia is cooking, Jeanie arrives. Her friend has been released early and intends to blackmail her husband (whom she married long ago while he was in college and then lost track of), once she can locate him, before heading to Florida with Sylvia. Sylvia gets her to leave before Joe and Mr. Taylor show up (early) by promising to give her a decision the next day. Taylor insists on doing the cooking; he is fed up with being waited on by servants. He becomes very fond of the couple and hints at a promotion to vice president if they were to have a baby. The next day, Sylvia persuades Jeanie that it is too dangerous to try blackmail in New York because of her record and agrees to go with her to Florida. Sylvia leaves a letter for Joe explaining everything, ending with the admission I love you. On the train, however, Jeanie reveals that she divorced Joe without his knowledge. Sylvia gets off and rushes back to the apartment; Joe has already read the letter and takes her in his arms.",sylvia day mae clarke caught trying pull scam taylor department store york city pleads store manager let boss joe smith ralph bellamy insists following store policy handed police convicted sentenced year prison sylvia consumed idea getting revenge joe friends chatty fellow inmate jeanie vance marie prevost offers team commit crimes once served time sylvia learns jeanie surprising connection joe decides early sets fire passes smoke trying put heroism granted parole tony gratton hale hamilton partner failed con talk marrying going chicago continue life crime determined avenge herself besides knows tony already married sylvia stalks joe learning pretends old acquaintance nightclub joe celebrating promotion general manager getting drunk morning joe discovers apartment informs gotten married joe laughs already wife knows jeanie reveals motives tony shows masquerading person married gives joe marriage license couple supposedly left behind threatened charge bigamy joe reluctantly agrees support sylvia year length parole tony sylvia partner crime refuses slips counterfeit bill purse sylvia shopping spree pays purchases bill traced policeman shows jail joe pretends took money pants pocket store manager deals counterfeit money time ploy works jeanie sends extravagant purchases joe calls office favor mr taylor ferdinand gottschalk store somewhat eccentric owner found joe married coming dinner apartment sylvia cooking jeanie arrives friend released early intends blackmail husband whom married long ago college lost track once locate heading florida sylvia sylvia leave joe mr taylor show early promising give decision day taylor insists doing cooking fed waited servants very fond couple hints promotion vice president were baby day sylvia persuades jeanie too dangerous try blackmail york record agrees florida sylvia leaves letter joe explaining everything ending admission i love you train jeanie reveals divorced joe without knowledge sylvia rushes apartment joe already read letter arms,romance,crime
"The film begins in 1944, Switzerland, taking place after the events of Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge. Toulon and his little friends are still on the run, and decide to hide in the Kolewige, an inn 4 miles from the Swiss border. Blade finds the wooden head of an old puppet named Cyclops in their trunk, and when Toulon sees it, he then tells his puppets the adventures with the woman he loves, and his retro puppets, starting in Cairo, Egypt, in 1902. A 3,000-year-old Egyptian sorcerer, named Afzel, has stolen the secret of life, and is fleeing the servants of an evil Egyptian god, named Sutekh. Two servants, imbued with magical power from Sutekh, attack him, but are killed easily by Afzel and his own magical power. After dispatching the two servants he begins his journey to Paris. Meanwhile, Sutekh has given life to three of his oldest servants—Egyptian mummies. After they rise from their chamber they too begin to pursue Afzel. Cut to Paris, where a young André Toulon is putting on a puppet show of Dante's Divine Comedy. Watching from the crowd is Elsa, who has left her cold-hearted abusive ambassador father and harmless mother to view the wonders of the country and has decided to see the play. In the sewers nearby the three mummies have hired two thugs to kill Afzel. The thugs are necessary since Afzel has the power to sense the coming of the mummies. Afzel is beaten brutally until Elsa, leaving the theater, sees them and cries for help. The thugs then scatter, leaving Toulon and Elsa to pick Afzel up and bring him inside. Later, when he stirs from his sleep, he talks with Toulon and reveals that he knows the secret of life, and it's the only thing that can protect humankind when the elder gods rise up in 100-1,000 years, and needs to pass it on to Toulon. Toulon is skeptical until Afzel begins to make the puppets move. Now Toulon realizes he is genuine and begins to learn his powers. Then Afzel starts to make the puppets draw a barrier that's supposed to protect him if the servants come back. While stepping outside for a brief moment, Toulon begins to talk to a beggar who has sat on the steps since the beginning of the movie. However, he is dead, and when Andre becomes aware of this he begins to mourn. Afzel tells him to bring him inside to teach him the true secret of life. After bringing him inside they use a ring to transfer the soul of the beggar to the puppet, Pinhead. The puppet starts to move but, after a few questions the puppet runs away into the theater. Later on, Elsa returns to talk to Toulon, until her father's rude servants come by, and they take Elsa and Toulon back to her house, and after Toulon talks to the father, he gets knocked out, and is then thrown into the woods. The next day, back at the theater, Valentin storms in as the barrier written on paper falls off the wall. The three mummies see their chance to attack and begin their rampage through the theater. Valentin finishes repairing the door as two of the mummies break in and kill him. Vigo runs backstage to Duval and Latour and falls dead. Duval stabs the lead mummy in his hand as the mummy kills him with his other hand. Latuor gets out a gun and shoots the lead mummy three times as the other mummy comes in through the back door and all three of them use their magic to kill him. Afzel appears and says Sutekh shall not claim his life, and kills himself with his own magic. Satisfied with victory, the mummies begin to leave. Once Toulon returns from the woods, he sees what has happened and acts quickly by putting their souls inside his puppets. The men return, having sensed someone with the knowledge of the secret of life, and try to kill Toulon. His puppets, however, kill one of the mummies with Six-Shooter by shooting the chandelier chains, causing it to crush the servant. The two henchmen retreat in order to plot the capture of Elsa to lure Toulon into a trap. Feeling that he had won the battle, André and his puppets go to a train station to leave Paris to Kara, Togo before things start to get bad, not realizing they had already begun. The servants killed her parents, the guards and capture Elsa, and then send a dream to Toulon that shows Elsa tied up, and a train. Knowing the meaning, he quickly changes trains to Merca, Somalia and gets his puppets ready for the showdown. When the train leaves, André looks around, having released his puppets and letting them follow him throughout the train, until finally coming to the last car and finding Elsa tied up like in his dream. The two men appear and ask for the secret of life. André displays the scroll where the secret is written and asks, How do you know I haven't copied it? to which the leader states he did not have enough time to do so, but still is doubtful he hadn't. André, noticing he is distracted, attacks the leader while his puppets attack the other. A large struggle breaks out, and the other henchman is killed with the final leader of the three being thrown from the car. Freeing Elsa, the group rides away in the train, beginning their adventure. After telling the story, the puppets wonder what happened to the other puppets. Andre tells them that's another story, which he will tell them in the future.",film switzerland taking place events puppet master iii toulon revenge toulon little friends run decide hide kolewige inn miles swiss border blade wooden head old puppet named cyclops trunk toulon sees puppets adventures woman loves retro puppets starting cairo egypt year old egyptian sorcerer named afzel stolen secret life fleeing servants evil egyptian god named sutekh servants imbued magical power sutekh attack killed easily afzel magical power dispatching servants journey paris sutekh given life three oldest servants egyptian mummies rise chamber too begin pursue afzel cut paris young andr toulon putting puppet show dante divine comedy watching crowd elsa left cold hearted abusive ambassador harmless mother view wonders country decided see play sewers nearby three mummies hired thugs kill afzel thugs necessary since afzel power sense coming mummies afzel beaten brutally until elsa leaving theater sees cries thugs scatter leaving toulon elsa pick afzel bring inside stirs sleep talks toulon reveals knows secret life thing protect humankind elder gods rise years needs pass toulon toulon skeptical until afzel puppets move toulon realizes genuine learn powers afzel starts puppets draw barrier supposed protect servants stepping outside brief moment toulon talk beggar sat steps since beginning movie dead andre aware mourn afzel bring inside teach true secret life bringing inside use ring transfer soul beggar puppet pinhead puppet starts move few questions puppet runs theater elsa returns talk toulon until rude servants elsa toulon toulon talks knocked thrown woods day theater valentin storms barrier written paper falls wall three mummies see chance attack begin rampage theater valentin finishes repairing door mummies break kill vigo runs backstage duval latour falls dead duval stabs lead mummy hand mummy kills hand latuor gun shoots lead mummy three times mummy door three use magic kill afzel appears says sutekh shall claim life kills magic satisfied victory mummies begin leave once toulon returns woods sees happened acts quickly putting souls inside puppets men return sensed someone knowledge secret life try kill toulon puppets kill mummies six shooter shooting chandelier chains causing crush servant henchmen retreat order plot capture elsa lure toulon trap feeling won battle andr puppets train station leave paris kara togo things start bad realizing already begun servants killed parents guards capture elsa send dream toulon shows elsa tied train knowing meaning quickly changes trains merca somalia puppets ready showdown train leaves andr looks around released puppets letting follow throughout train until finally coming last car finding elsa tied like dream men appear ask secret life andr displays scroll secret written how do you know i copied leader states did enough time do doubtful andr noticing distracted attacks leader puppets attack large struggle breaks henchman killed final leader three thrown car freeing elsa group rides train beginning adventure telling story puppets wonder happened puppets andre story tell future,horror,animation
"After her mother dies in a mysterious car accident, 17-year-old Megan (Nicole Eggert), daughter of a wealthy businessman, lives a reckless lifestyle. A year later, she is almost killed by a horse who has lost control, though she is rescued by Rich (Corey Haim), a young man who works at the ski resort owned by her father Cy (Jean LeClerc). Grateful, she invites him to her party, where she thanks him again by being intimate with him in her father's bed. The next morning, Cy comes home and almost catches them. Even though he does not, he angers Megan by forbidding her to see any guys. Unlike Cy, Rich's girlfriend Darla (Kathleen Robertson) does find out about the affair, and dumps him. Rich wastes no time and enters into a passionate relationship with Megan. She soon introduces him to her father, but he disapproves of him, and Megan tells Rich that they cannot see each other any longer. Devastated, Rich turns to his womanizing half-brother Wes (Corey Feldman) for comfort, who encourages him to do everything to get Megan back. He follows her to a bar, where she is seen giving a large sum of money to a criminal-looking man. Rich catches her getting intimate with the guy, and knocks him down as a response. Megan then apologizes to Rich, and claims that she did not think that he really loved her and was only testing him in order to see how much he would be willing to do for her. He immediately takes her back, and they accompany each other to a bar, where Wes always hangs out with his friends. While Rich is arguing with Darla, who accuses him of going out with her only because of her money, Megan is seen talking with Wes. As they go to their home together, they run into Cy, who calls his daughter a slut for bringing a boy home, resulting in a huge fight between them. Rich decides to go home, where he finds Wes sleeping with Darla. Enraged, he tries to beat up Wes, but Darla stops them by informing Rich that he does not own her; later, Rich apologizes to Wes, saying that he should not have taken his feelings of anger out on him, and Wes accepts (while remarking that it had been a while since they had a few rounds), and then apologizes for what he did. Rich decides to return to Megan's place, where she — fed up with fighting with her father — convinces him that her father killed her mother and that they should kill him, and run off with the money. However, Rich, blinded by the potently sexual relationship, is in two minds about what to do. The next day, Rich and Wes are shocked to find out that Darla has been killed in a horse riding accident. Meanwhile, Megan turns out hospitalized and claims to Rich that her father is to blame. Rich, seeing how severely beaten up she is, fears losing her someday to Cy's abuse, and promises her to help her. As they return home, Megan tells Rich that she has placed a bomb in his bike, and that 'it will all be over soon'. The next morning, Rich is invited by Cy to accompany him on a bike ride, causing Rich to witness the explosion that throws him almost off a cliff. As Cy falls to his death, he tells Rich that he did not kill his wife. Rich starts to suspect that Megan may not be who he thinks she is, and meanwhile, he becomes the prime suspect in Cy's death in the investigation of Detective Anderson (Gary Farmer). Despite Anderson's attempts to make him turn in Megan, Rich denies any involvement in the entire ordeal, though evidence points against him. Wes is shocked that his brother would have killed anyone, and is mad at him for not having killed their own abusive father. Shortly later, Megan bails out Rich, and gives him her car to skip town with. She promises him that she will follow him soon after collecting her father's money. Rich drives off. However, now distrustful of Megan, he checks the car and finds a bomb in it. He is able to get away just in time for the explosion and immediately rushes to her house. There, it is revealed that Megan and Wes were lovers all along and planned the murders and schemes together in order to be together. Rich confronts his half-brother, and Wes informs him that he tried to frame him because he has always hated him. As Wes is about to shoot Rich, Megan kills Wes. She tries to put the entire blame on Wes, but Rich does not believe her, prompting her to reveal that she was the mastermind behind it all. As she tries to shoot Rich, the police arrive, killing Megan immediately in self-defense. Rich was wired throughout the final scene, which clears him from all charges (although he has nobody important in his life anymore, leaving him empty inside).",mother dies mysterious car accident year old megan nicole eggert daughter wealthy businessman lives reckless lifestyle year almost killed horse lost control though rescued rich corey haim young works ski resort owned cy jean leclerc grateful invites party thanks intimate bed morning cy home almost catches even though angers megan forbidding see any guys unlike cy rich girlfriend darla kathleen robertson find affair dumps rich wastes time enters passionate relationship megan introduces disapproves megan rich cannot see each any longer devastated rich turns womanizing half brother wes corey feldman comfort encourages do everything megan follows bar seen giving large sum money criminal looking rich catches getting intimate guy knocks response megan apologizes rich claims did think really loved testing order see how much would willing do immediately accompany each bar wes always hangs friends rich arguing darla accuses going money megan seen talking wes home together run cy calls daughter slut bringing boy home resulting huge fight rich decides home wes sleeping darla enraged beat wes darla stops informing rich rich apologizes wes saying should taken feelings anger wes accepts remarking since few rounds apologizes did rich decides return megan place fed fighting convinces killed mother should kill run money rich blinded potently sexual relationship minds do day rich wes shocked find darla killed horse riding accident megan turns hospitalized claims rich blame rich seeing how severely beaten fears losing someday cy abuse promises return home megan rich placed bomb bike morning rich invited cy accompany bike ride causing rich witness explosion throws almost cliff cy falls death rich did kill wife rich starts suspect megan may thinks prime suspect cy death investigation detective anderson gary farmer despite anderson attempts turn megan rich denies any involvement entire ordeal though evidence points against wes shocked brother would killed anyone mad killed abusive shortly megan bails rich gives car skip town promises follow collecting money rich drives distrustful megan checks car bomb able time explosion immediately rushes revealed megan wes were lovers along planned murders schemes together order together rich confronts half brother wes informs tried frame always hated wes shoot rich megan kills wes put entire blame wes rich believe prompting reveal mastermind behind shoot rich police arrive killing megan immediately self defense rich wired throughout final scene clears charges although nobody important life anymore leaving empty inside,drama,romance
"A rich but disliked elderly man invites his relatives to a family reunion at his home. Once the gathering is complete, he announces enigmatically that he intends to change his will before he dies. Before he can do this, he is murdered. His niece (Gynt), a detective story writer, has to put her theories into practice by solving a real-life murder mystery.",rich disliked elderly invites relatives family reunion home once gathering complete announces enigmatically intends change dies do murdered niece gynt detective story writer put theories practice solving real life murder mystery,crime,drama
"An 1840s British surgeon, Dr. Thomas Bolton (Boris Karloff) experiments with anesthetic gases in an effort to make surgery pain-free. While doing so, his demonstration before a panel of his peers ends in a horrific mishap with his patient awakening under the knife; he is forced to leave his position in disgrace. To complicate matters, he becomes addicted to the gases and gets involved with a gang of criminals, led by Black Ben and his henchman Resurrection Joe (Christopher Lee). Unfortunately, this shady partnership leads Bolton to further ruin, culminating in his unwitting participation in murder — for which he becomes the first victim of a blackmail scheme.",s british surgeon dr thomas bolton boris karloff experiments anesthetic gases effort surgery pain free doing demonstration panel peers ends horrific mishap patient awakening under knife forced leave position disgrace complicate matters addicted gases involved gang criminals led black ben henchman resurrection joe christopher lee unfortunately shady partnership leads bolton further ruin culminating unwitting participation murder victim blackmail scheme,horror,drama
"The film is set in rural Rajasthan. It is based on a story by Vijayadan Detha, which relates a popular folktale from Rajasthan about a merchant's son, Krishanlal (Ravi Menon), whose relationship with his young bride, Lachhi (Raisa Padamsee), is thwarted by his work and a ghost who falls in love with her, resulting in the ghost soon impersonating the husband.[3]",film set rural rajasthan based story vijayadan detha relates popular folktale rajasthan merchant son krishanlal ravi menon whose relationship young bride lachhi raisa padamsee thwarted work ghost falls love resulting ghost impersonating husband,drama,romance
"After a reckless lie sets off a catastrophic chain of events, Ali (Osamah Sami), son of a Muslim cleric (Don Hany), finds himself caught between his sense of duty and following his heart – to follow through with his arranged marriage, or be with the girl he loves.[5]",reckless lie sets catastrophic chain events ali osamah sami son muslim cleric don hany caught sense duty following heart follow arranged marriage or girl loves,drama,romance
"The capsized luxury liner S.S. Poseidon is still afloat after six survivors have been rescued via helicopter. Tugboat captain Mike Turner (Michael Caine) discovers the shipwreck. Accompanied by second mate Wilbur (Karl Malden) and passenger Celeste Whitman (Sally Field), he heads out to claim salvage rights, as the tugboat Jenny lost her cargo in the same tsunami that capsized the Poseidon. They are soon followed by Dr. Stefan Svevo (Telly Savalas) and his crew, who claim to be Greek Orthodox medics who received the ship's SOS. They board the doomed vessel through the bottom hull opening left by the rescue team (from the previous movie), then become trapped after the entrance collapses. The group with Turner encounters the ship's nurse, Gina Rowe (Shirley Jones) and two passengers, elegantly dressed Suzanne Constantine (Veronica Hamel) and war veteran Frank Mazzetti (Peter Boyle), who is searching for his missing daughter Theresa (Angela Cartwright). Theresa is found, as are elevator operator Larry Simpson (Mark Harmon) and a billionaire called Tex (Slim Pickens) who clings to a valuable bottle of wine. Later they also find the blind Harold Meredith (Jack Warden) and his wife Hannah (Shirley Knight), who were waiting to be rescued. Water continues to submerge decks and more explosions occur. Turner and his group find the purser's office, where Svevo decides he and his men will search for other survivors, parting ways with Turner's group. Another explosion causes the safe in the purser's office to fall through the bulkhead and open, revealing gold coins (each worth 100 times its weight in gold), diamonds and cash. Turner and Wilbur excitedly gather the coins. Unknown to Turner and the survivors, Suzanne is actually working with Svevo. She takes a list containing information about a cargo of crates from the purser's office. Going off on her own, she gives Svevo the document but decides to rejoin Turner's group. Svevo orders Doyle, one of his men, to kill Suzanne. He shoots her, but before she dies she strikes Doyle with an axe, killing him. While making their way up through the decks, Turner and the others find Suzanne's corpse and reach the unpleasant conclusion that a murderer is on board. Hannah dislocates her shoulder while helping her husband. Svevo and his men are found gathering a cargo of plutonium. Svevo reveals that his real intention for boarding the Poseidon was to retrieve his lost shipment of plutonium, adding that he can't let Turner and his group go now. However, before anyone is killed, another explosion occurs, allowing Turner's group to escape through another cargo room. Turner, Mazzetti and Simpson find guns and attempt to make a fight of it. In the ensuing shoot-out, Mazzetti and Castrop, another of Svevo's men, are killed. Water floods the deck as Turner's group proceeds up to the next deck, where an injured Hannah is unable to climb a ladder: she falls into the rising water and drowns. While trying to rescue her, Turner loses all of his salvaged gold. Svevo and his one remaining gunman head back up to the ship's stern, where the rest of Svevo's team attempt to use a crane to raise the plutonium up to the hull, which is still above water but is slowly sinking. In another section of the ship, Turner and the survivors exit the ship through an underwater side door, but due to shortage of scuba tanks, Wilbur (unknown to Turner and his group) sacrifices himself by swimming underwater and disappearing. Turner and Celeste swim to the tugboat Jenny and move it closer to the Poseidon as the remaining survivors swim towards it. Svevo's men see them and open fire. Tex, who in reality was not a wealthy passenger but a sommelier (part of the Poseidon's crew), holds onto his wine bottle as he is gunned down and perishes. The rest of Turner's group makes it to his tugboat and they sail away. Water continues to flood the Poseidon, causing the boilers and then the plutonium cargo to erupt, exploding the ship's hull. Svevo and his men are killed. On board Turner's boat, Turner accepts that his tugboat Jenny will be taken from him when they get to port, but Celeste reveals a diamond she salvaged from the Poseidon. Celeste asks Turner, Are you going to kiss me now? and Turner replies, I was going to kiss you anyway. They do so and the tugboat Jenny sails away into the sunset with the survivors.",capsized luxury liner s s poseidon afloat six survivors rescued via helicopter tugboat captain mike turner michael caine discovers shipwreck accompanied second mate wilbur karl malden passenger celeste whitman sally field heads claim salvage rights tugboat jenny lost cargo same tsunami capsized poseidon followed dr stefan svevo telly savalas crew claim greek orthodox medics received ship sos board doomed vessel bottom hull opening left rescue team previous movie become trapped entrance collapses group turner encounters ship nurse gina rowe shirley jones passengers elegantly dressed suzanne constantine veronica hamel war veteran frank mazzetti peter boyle searching missing daughter theresa angela cartwright theresa found elevator operator larry simpson mark harmon billionaire called tex slim pickens clings valuable bottle wine find blind harold meredith jack warden wife hannah shirley knight were waiting rescued water continues submerge decks explosions occur turner group find purser office svevo decides men search survivors parting ways turner group explosion causes safe purser office fall bulkhead open revealing gold coins each worth times weight gold diamonds cash turner wilbur excitedly gather coins unknown turner survivors suzanne actually working svevo list containing information cargo crates purser office going gives svevo document decides rejoin turner group svevo orders doyle men kill suzanne shoots dies strikes doyle axe killing making decks turner others find suzanne corpse reach unpleasant conclusion murderer board hannah dislocates shoulder helping husband svevo men found gathering cargo plutonium svevo reveals real intention boarding poseidon retrieve lost shipment plutonium adding let turner group anyone killed explosion occurs allowing turner group escape cargo room turner mazzetti simpson find guns attempt fight ensuing shoot mazzetti castrop svevo men killed water floods deck turner group proceeds deck injured hannah unable climb ladder falls rising water drowns trying rescue turner loses salvaged gold svevo remaining gunman head ship stern rest svevo team attempt use crane raise plutonium hull above water slowly sinking section ship turner survivors exit ship underwater side door due shortage scuba tanks wilbur unknown turner group sacrifices swimming underwater disappearing turner celeste swim tugboat jenny move closer poseidon remaining survivors swim towards svevo men see open fire tex reality wealthy passenger sommelier part poseidon crew holds onto wine bottle gunned perishes rest turner group makes tugboat sail water continues flood poseidon causing boilers plutonium cargo erupt exploding ship hull svevo men killed board turner boat turner accepts tugboat jenny taken port celeste reveals diamond salvaged poseidon celeste turner you going kiss me turner replies i going kiss you anyway do tugboat jenny sails sunset survivors,action,horror
"Colonel Cooper (David Carradine) is a U.S. Airborne commando who comes to Vietnam with a special mission to liberate imprisoned American soldiers. He gets caught in a North Vietnamese POW camp where there are other airbornes as well as regular soldiers. Action is set at the end of the war and he, as the highest-ranking officer in the POW camp, is to be sent to Hanoi and prosecuted by the North Vietnamese. Camp commander Vinh (Mako Iwamatsu) gets an order to send him to court but instead of obeying it, he offers Cooper a deal - he will help him get to the American sector and then Cooper, in return, would help him immigrate to the USA, where Vinh has family. Cooper promptly disregards his proposition, as he's a tough soldier who would rather sacrifice his own life than help the enemy. However Vinh is persistent persuading him, threatening that if he'll not accept his deal, then all of the fellow prisoners from his camp will die. Given that threat Cooper reconsiders Vinh's offer, and accepts the deal, but under one condition - all of the camp prisoners must go with them. Vinh, being short of time (as Hanoi set deadline for sending Cooper to court) OK's the plan and so they leave camp in column of two jeeps and a truck (prisoners are hidden in a tank truck while Cooper goes with Vinh in a jeep). Their journey won't be without obstacles as they need to go through zones controlled by The North Vietnamese, and through the jungle wilderness.",colonel cooper david carradine u s airborne commando vietnam special mission liberate imprisoned american soldiers caught north vietnamese pow camp airbornes well regular soldiers action set end war highest ranking officer pow camp sent hanoi prosecuted north vietnamese camp commander vinh mako iwamatsu order send court instead obeying offers cooper deal american sector cooper return would immigrate usa vinh family cooper promptly disregards proposition tough soldier would rather sacrifice life than enemy vinh persistent persuading threatening accept deal fellow prisoners camp die given threat cooper reconsiders vinh offer accepts deal under condition camp prisoners must vinh short time hanoi set deadline sending cooper court ok plan leave camp column jeeps truck prisoners hidden tank truck cooper vinh jeep journey wo without obstacles need zones controlled north vietnamese jungle wilderness,action,western
"A man is mistaken for a hoodlum and beaten up, leading him to a sordid web of violence and danger.",mistaken hoodlum beaten leading sordid web violence danger,crime,drama
"Recent high school graduate Samantha Hughes, 17, lives in fictional Hopewell, Kentucky. Her uncle Emmett Smith, a laid-back Vietnam veteran, suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder. Samantha's father, Dwayne, was killed in Vietnam at 21 after marrying and impregnating Samantha's mother, Irene. Samantha finds some old photographs, medals, and letters of her father, and becomes obsessed with finding out more about him. Irene, who has moved to Lexington, Kentucky with her second husband, wants Samantha to move in with them and go to college. But Samantha would rather stay with Emmett and try to find out more about her father. Her mother is no help, as she tells Samantha, Honey, I married him a month before he left for the war. He was 19. I hardly even remember him. Finally, Samantha, Emmett and her grandmother visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. Finding her father's name in the memorial releases cathartic emotions in Samantha and her family.",recent high school graduate samantha hughes lives fictional hopewell kentucky uncle emmett smith laid vietnam veteran suffers post traumatic stress disorder samantha dwayne killed vietnam marrying impregnating samantha mother irene samantha old photographs medals letters obsessed finding irene moved lexington kentucky second husband wants samantha move college samantha would rather stay emmett try find mother samantha honey i married month left war i hardly even remember finally samantha emmett grandmother visit vietnam veterans memorial washington d c finding name memorial releases cathartic emotions samantha family,drama,comedy
"Mia Hall and her family are getting ready to go on with their normal day activities when it is announced on the radio that school has been canceled. Mia's dad Denny is a teacher and as a result of the snow day does not have to go to work. Mia's mom Kat, a travel agent, decides to call in sick and along with her family get on the road to visit Mia's grandparents who live on a farm. It is also revealed that Mia is dating an older, popular up-and-coming rockstar named Adam Wilde. The story flashes back to Mia's early life with a rocker dad and an inexperienced mom, when one day they take Mia to a music class where Mia decides that she wants to start playing the cello. After her parents see that Mia is passionate about the cello, they hire a teacher to help her play. Kat is shown pregnant with Teddy, whom Mia thinks is the reason for her father's departure from his band. Years later, an adolescent Mia is still passionate about the cello and is playing at school in the band room where Adam peeks in on her playing, seeing her for the first time, leading him to ask Kim, Mia's best friend, about her. Adam then asks Mia out on a date to a cello recital, where they show mutual affection towards one another. The story flashes back to current time with the family driving to the grandparents' farm when their car collides with an oncoming truck. Mia appears to have an out-of-body experience where she finds herself barefoot and sees her body lying on the road while paramedics are trying to help her and her family. Mia tries to ask a paramedic what is happening, but realizes that no one can see or hear her. Mia, now in the hospital, panics as she does not know the current status of any of her family members when they take her in for surgery. A sympathetic nurse, Nurse Ramirez, tells Mia—her physical body, not Mia's spirit, which apparently she cannot see either—that it is up to her whether or not she wants to stay. The story flashes back once again to Mia attending one of Adam's concerts with his band Willamette Stone, where she does not seem to fit in. Adam's band is steadily gaining more recognition and gets signed to a label, which starts to put a strain on their relationship due to the travel schedule. While at dinner, Mia's grandpa suggests that she should apply to Juilliard, an idea which she initially rebuffs, but later further researches. She eventually lands an audition in San Francisco. It takes a while for Mia to tell Adam about her audition and when she does he becomes upset and leaves for a week-long gig. In the present day, Mia undergoes surgery. She sees a doctor speaking with her grandparents who are standing outside of a pediatric room where Teddy lies in a coma-like state. Adam comes to the hospital to see Mia, but is not allowed in as he is not an immediate family member. It is then revealed that Mia's mom Kat was pronounced dead on arrival and her dad Denny died on the operating table. She later finds out that Teddy has died from an epidural hematoma. Grandpa talks to Mia, revealing that her father gave up being in a band because he wanted to give her a better life and be a better father. He also, tearfully, gives Mia permission to move on from this life if she wants, which influences Mia to decide that she wants to die so that she can join her family on the other side. The story flashes back to Mia at her audition for Juilliard, where she plays the best she has ever played, leading her to think that if accepted, she would go. After a reconciliation with Adam, they talk about the huge possibility of her going to Juilliard, which ultimately leads to them breaking up and going their separate ways. After some time, Mia seems stable enough to receive more visitors. Mia is shown symbolically about to let go when she hears the music performed at the cello recital that she attended with Adam. It is revealed that Adam has come to see Mia and that he is playing his iPod for her. He brings with him a letter Mia has received from Juilliard saying that she has been accepted and lets her know that he would do whatever she wants if she stays. He begins to play the song he has finally written about her. Mia, after flashing back through all the happy moments in her life, squeezes Adam's hand and opens her eyes and sees Adam as he hovers over her and says, Mia?.",mia hall family getting ready normal day activities announced radio school canceled mia dad denny teacher result snow day work mia mom kat travel agent decides call sick along family road visit mia grandparents live farm revealed mia dating older popular coming rockstar named adam wilde story flashes mia early life rocker dad inexperienced mom day mia music class mia decides wants start playing cello parents see mia passionate cello hire teacher play kat shown pregnant teddy whom mia thinks reason departure band years adolescent mia passionate cello playing school band room adam peeks playing seeing time leading ask kim mia best friend adam mia date cello recital show mutual affection towards story flashes current time family driving grandparents farm car collides oncoming truck mia appears body experience herself barefoot sees body lying road paramedics trying family mia ask paramedic happening realizes see or hear mia hospital panics know current status any family members surgery sympathetic nurse nurse ramirez mia physical body mia spirit apparently cannot see either whether or wants stay story flashes once mia attending adam concerts band willamette stone seem fit adam band steadily gaining recognition signed label starts put strain relationship due travel schedule dinner mia grandpa suggests should apply juilliard idea initially rebuffs further researches lands audition san francisco mia tell adam audition upset leaves week long gig present day mia undergoes surgery sees doctor speaking grandparents standing outside pediatric room teddy lies coma like state adam hospital see mia allowed immediate family member revealed mia mom kat pronounced dead arrival dad denny died operating table teddy died epidural hematoma grandpa talks mia revealing gave band wanted give better life better tearfully gives mia permission move life wants influences mia decide wants die join family side story flashes mia audition juilliard plays best ever played leading think accepted would reconciliation adam talk huge possibility going juilliard ultimately leads breaking going separate ways time mia seems stable enough receive visitors mia shown symbolically let hears music performed cello recital attended adam revealed adam see mia playing ipod brings letter mia received juilliard saying accepted lets know would do whatever wants stays play song finally written mia flashing happy moments life squeezes adam hand opens eyes sees adam hovers says mia,romance,comedy
"This film about a young boy Raja whom his mother refuses to recognize when she remarries and he goes on to become “Rajkumar”, a “khatal owner” is quite an eventful journey. After growing up Rajkumar returns to S. K. Roy’s house (person whom his mother had remarried) to set things straight as he has the power attorney of his father’s will. His stepbrother Rudra (Abhishek Chatterjee) and own sister conspire against him and become his greatest enemies as they want him out of the way, but a few events bring them together and they finish Vishal (Kaushik Banerjee) a partner in crime of Rudra. Rajkumar accepts his mother back in his life, something which he had been refusing for so long.",film young boy raja whom mother refuses recognize remarries become rajkumar khatal owner quite eventful journey growing rajkumar returns s k roy s person whom mother remarried set things straight power attorney s stepbrother rudra abhishek chatterjee sister conspire against become greatest enemies want few events bring together finish vishal kaushik banerjee partner crime rudra rajkumar accepts mother life something refusing long,romance,drama
"On a 1930s Bank Holiday weekend, a number of people rush for trains to head to the seaside. They include:",s bank holiday weekend number people rush trains head seaside include,drama,comedy
"While Marilyn Monroe is enjoying her rise to stardom and iconic pop culture status, three childhood friends are happy enough to sneakily obtain racy pictures of her for their pubescent enjoyment. Once they mature (at least by age), Roy has his eyes set on joining the Military despite his strained relationship with his father. His buddy, Scott, has a prosthetic leg and is to be married soon to his darling significant other Becky, and his other pal, Ned, known affectionately as Bleuer, works at a small town store and isn't initially as anxious to partake on this crazed notion as his friends. Thanks to Roy's Uncle, the three desirous and hapless friends shack up at his place out in California where they yearn to meet—if only for a brief second—the fabulous and stunning Miss Marilyn Monroe. Their quest leads to shenanigans and silliness ensues as they arrange the most brainless ideas to win over their idol. One includes corralling a sad cow to moo outside of Miss Monroe's luxurious residence, another has the guys speeding after Marilyn towards a nude beach and an entirely separate subplot has them dodging some bad guys that are after Roy. Eventually, however, it is up to Marilyn to pity the trio's collectively desperate agony. The boys devise a clever scheme to avoid Miss Monroe's hawkish maid and Roy slips in the question, to which Marilyn refuses a date. This leads to further despair amongst the trio. They begin to regret coming out for the trip and they decide to go out on the town one last time. Surprisingly, in a sudden twist, Monroe finally does agree to a date upon the sandy splendor of the Californian beach. Initially, while animosity has grown between the three friends, Roy is designated to be the lucky one that gets to hopefully canoe Miss Monroe, but nonchalantly, he passes off the opportunity to his buddy Bleuer who surprisedly agrees and treats the lovely Miss Monroe to a wonderful night that transcends any desire of the loins or other silliness. While Roy (in his macho way) is disappointed by Bleuer's effort, the boys return home to the sad news that Marilyn has abruptly died of a drug overdose. Back home, Scott continues his plans to marry his love, Becky, and Roy tussles with his father in the gym which leads to one last touching moment between the two before Roy is shipped out to boot camp. The last image seen is of Bleuer as he embraces his wild side and partakes in a wild telephone booth gathering that woos a local college girl in his favor.",marilyn monroe enjoying rise stardom iconic pop culture status three childhood friends happy enough sneakily obtain racy pictures pubescent enjoyment once mature least age roy eyes set joining military despite strained relationship buddy scott prosthetic leg married darling significant becky pal ned known affectionately bleuer works small town store initially anxious partake crazed notion friends thanks roy uncle three desirous hapless friends shack place california yearn meet brief second fabulous stunning miss marilyn monroe quest leads shenanigans silliness ensues arrange most brainless ideas win idol includes corralling sad cow moo outside miss monroe luxurious residence guys speeding marilyn towards nude beach entirely separate subplot dodging bad guys roy marilyn pity trio collectively desperate agony boys devise clever scheme avoid miss monroe hawkish maid roy slips question marilyn refuses date leads further despair amongst trio begin regret coming trip decide town last time surprisingly sudden twist monroe finally agree date upon sandy splendor californian beach initially animosity grown three friends roy designated lucky hopefully canoe miss monroe nonchalantly passes opportunity buddy bleuer surprisedly agrees treats lovely miss monroe wonderful night transcends any desire loins or silliness roy macho disappointed bleuer effort boys return home sad news marilyn abruptly died drug overdose home scott continues plans marry love becky roy tussles gym leads last touching moment roy shipped boot camp last image seen bleuer embraces wild side partakes wild telephone booth gathering woos local college girl favor,drama,romance
"Amar lives a poor lifestyle along with his widowed mom in a village and has a sweetheart in Savitri. He is a trouble-maker and makes life difficult for the Panchayat Chair, Kalicharan, who also happens to be Savitri's father, so much so that Kalicharan hires Ram Shastri to kill Amar. After his passing, Amar enters Swarg Lok where he gets to meet with Devraj Indra and then Yamraj. Amar incites Yam Dhooths to go on a strike, as well as has Yamraj himself consider going on a vacation along with his assistant, Chitragupt Sharma. As a result, Yamraj and Chitragupt end up in modern-day Bombay as ordinary human beings, and people stop dying, while Amar himself is given back his life. But not for long, for soon he will be called upon to provide bail for a jailed Yamraj and Chitragupt, who will soon return to Swarg Lok and take him along too!!",amar lives poor lifestyle along widowed mom village sweetheart savitri trouble maker makes life difficult panchayat chair kalicharan happens savitri much kalicharan hires ram shastri kill amar passing amar enters swarg lok meet devraj indra yamraj amar incites yam dhooths strike well yamraj consider going vacation along assistant chitragupt sharma result yamraj chitragupt end modern day bombay ordinary human beings people stop dying amar given life long called upon provide bail jailed yamraj chitragupt return swarg lok along too,drama,romance
"John Mason (James Stewart) is a young, somewhat timid attorney in New York City. He has been doing his job well, and he has a chance of being made a partner in his law firm, especially if he marries Eunice (Ruth Weston), the daughter of his employer, Judge Doolittle. However, John meets Jane (Carole Lombard) during a business trip, and they fall in love and marry immediately. Eunice eventually marries another lawyer in the firm, Carter (Donald Briggs). John's mother (Lucile Watson) is disappointed with his choice, and an important court trial forces him to cancel the honeymoon. He wins the case, but by that time Judge Doolittle has chosen John's kowtowing coworker Carter as the new partner. Jane encourages John to demand a raise and a promotion, but with finances tightened by the Depression, Doolittle requires that all employees accept pay cuts. After Jane has a baby, John becomes discouraged by his unpaid bills and by tension between Jane and his mother, who lives with them in their small apartment. On New Year's Eve, 1938–39, the baby is rushed to the hospital with pneumonia. The baby will die within hours unless a serum is delivered by plane from Salt Lake City. Doolittle agrees to provide funding to deliver the serum, but with a storm raging, and with a wife and children to consider, the pilot refuses to fly. John pleads over the telephone, and the pilot's unmarried friend takes the job. The new pilot almost crashes in the mountains, and the plane's engine catches fire a short distance from New York. The pilot is also injured and knocked unconscious after jumping from the plane and parachuting to safety, but he crawls to a nearby farm house after he comes to. The farmer sees the box containing the serum and telephones the hospital, and the baby is saved. A few years later, John is made partner at the law firm and his son has just spoken his first words.",john mason james stewart young somewhat timid attorney york city doing job well chance made partner law firm especially marries eunice ruth weston daughter employer judge doolittle john meets jane carole lombard business trip fall love marry immediately eunice marries lawyer firm carter donald briggs john mother lucile watson disappointed choice important court trial forces cancel honeymoon wins case time judge doolittle chosen john kowtowing coworker carter partner jane encourages john demand raise promotion finances tightened depression doolittle requires employees accept pay cuts jane baby john discouraged unpaid bills tension jane mother lives small apartment year eve baby rushed hospital pneumonia baby die within hours unless serum delivered plane salt lake city doolittle agrees provide funding deliver serum storm raging wife children consider pilot refuses fly john pleads telephone pilot unmarried friend job pilot almost crashes mountains plane engine catches fire short distance york pilot injured knocked unconscious jumping plane parachuting safety crawls nearby farm farmer sees box containing serum telephones hospital baby saved few years john made partner law firm son spoken words,romance,drama
"George, 10th Duke of Bristol, and his friend Richard Halton are poverty-stricken members of the British upper class, George having squandered his money on women (as he tells the film's narrator). They attend a party at George's own London home, let to the young, wealthy and attractive American Helen Hale. At the soiree, George is rude to Maria Wislack, a rich widow with whom he is acquainted. Richard is genuinely in love with Maria, but will not tell her so due to his poverty. Meanwhile, George is oblivious to the fact that Helen is in love with him, and finds the thought of marriage distasteful. Maria grows tired of waiting for Richard to make his feelings known and proposes that they spend a month together as man and wife in Scotland on approval to see how they get along (although he will have to sleep in a hotel). George, much to their mutual discomfort, invites himself along. They are soon joined by Helen. The unexpected arrival of additional - and unmarried - guests disturbs Mrs McCosh, Maria's housekeeper, and she soon departs, taking with her all of the household servants. The two couples are left to fend for themselves. Richard does his best to please the demanding Maria, though Helen privately advises him to tell her to go to hell. George, in the meantime, loafs and does nothing to help out. At the end of three weeks, Maria tells Richard that she is willing to marry him and even to settle £5000 a year on him, but when he discovers that what he had thought was a test of his patience turns out to be the way she behaves normally, he turns her down. At the same time, George decides he loves Helen and asks her to marry him. She would have been happy to accept his proposal three weeks before, but after becoming better acquainted with him, she gently turns him down. She eventually begins having second thoughts, however, and she and Richard set about making the others jealous and leave the island together for the hotel on the mainland. As it turns out, George and Maria have the same idea. Eventually, both Helen and Richard have nightmares about their loved ones, together alone in Maria's house, and speed back there. When Richard climbs up to Maria's bedroom window, she is frightened by the (to her) unknown intruder and rushes to George's room. There is where Helen and Richard find them together. Recriminations soon follow. The film then flashes forward to Helen, who is showing the family photo album to her two sons. The narrator addresses her as Lady Bristol, only to be corrected by her. She has married Richard, while George, to the narrator's disbelief, is Maria's partner.",george th duke bristol friend richard halton poverty stricken members british upper class george squandered money women film narrator attend party george london home let young wealthy attractive american helen hale soiree george rude maria wislack rich widow whom acquainted richard genuinely love maria tell due poverty george oblivious fact helen love thought marriage distasteful maria grows tired waiting richard feelings known proposes spend month together wife scotland approval see how along although sleep hotel george much mutual discomfort invites along joined helen unexpected arrival additional unmarried guests disturbs mrs mccosh maria housekeeper departs taking household servants couples left fend themselves richard best please demanding maria though helen privately advises tell hell george meantime loafs nothing end three weeks maria richard willing marry even settle year discovers thought test patience turns behaves normally turns same time george decides loves helen marry would happy accept proposal three weeks becoming better acquainted gently turns second thoughts richard set making others jealous leave island together hotel mainland turns george maria same idea helen richard nightmares loved ones together alone maria speed richard climbs maria bedroom window frightened unknown intruder rushes george room helen richard find together recriminations follow film flashes forward helen showing family photo album sons narrator addresses lady bristol corrected married richard george narrator disbelief maria partner,comedy,drama
"Coach Roy McCormick (Martin Lawrence) was once college basketball's top mastermind. His attention began to turn on what endorsement contracts he could secure instead of actually coaching his team. Roy lets his temper get the best of him in most situations. After causing a mishap with a mascot, the board bans McCormick from collegiate basketball until he can show that he can control his anger. Roy's reputation has doomed him to being unhireable as a long time passes with no job offers. However, McCormick then gets one job offer, to Mount Vernon Junior High School, which was also where he graduated as a teenager. His alma mater's basketball team, the Smelters, is looking for somebody to coach the team, and the headmistress thinks an alumnus of his caliber in basketball would be ideal. Although irritated, Roy realizes he has no other options and accepts the coaching job, figuring this is the way to prove he can control his anger and get back into the spotlight of college basketball. As Roy begins coaching the squad, he gets into an embarrassing situation that he's never been in before and decides, enough is enough. He eventually starts teaching the concepts of basketball to his new team, albeit placing paramount emphasis on sportsmanship. With teaching and learning being done between both Roy and the kids, the Smelters eventually start having success. Unexpectedly, this leads Roy to find what he's been missing this whole time...not a big coaching gig, not high-dollar endorsement deals, and not even his name in lights...but his simple love of the game. Eventually Roy gains a new appreciation for his old school and figures that while it does not lead to big money endorsements, he can earn a comfortable living from this job.",coach roy mccormick martin lawrence once college basketball top mastermind attention began turn endorsement contracts could secure instead actually coaching team roy lets temper best most situations causing mishap mascot board bans mccormick collegiate basketball until show control anger roy reputation doomed unhireable long time passes job offers mccormick job offer mount vernon junior high school graduated teenager alma mater basketball team smelters looking somebody coach team headmistress thinks alumnus caliber basketball would ideal although irritated roy realizes options accepts coaching job figuring prove control anger spotlight college basketball roy coaching squad embarrassing situation never decides enough enough starts teaching concepts basketball team albeit placing paramount emphasis sportsmanship teaching learning done roy kids smelters start success unexpectedly leads roy find missing whole time big coaching gig high dollar endorsement deals even name lights simple love game roy gains appreciation old school figures lead big money endorsements earn comfortable living job,comedy,drama
"Bored with nothing to do for their school holidays, Badrol invites his best friend Lim to go on a camping trip at his old Kampung where he grew up, with intentions to experience some long-forgotten true Malaysian life in his Grandfather’s durian orchard. However their simple holiday trip is cut short by the discovery of a clue that leads them closer to the rumours of the mystery house deep in the forest. Together with their newly found friends, Raju the animal-whispering boy, Ros the village beauty, and her two cute twin brothers, Upin and Ipin, they work together to unravel the secrets surrounding the small Kampung.[2]",bored nothing do school holidays badrol invites best friend lim camping trip old kampung grew intentions experience long forgotten true malaysian life grandfather s durian orchard simple holiday trip cut short discovery clue leads closer rumours mystery deep forest together newly found friends raju animal whispering boy ros village beauty cute twin brothers upin ipin work together unravel secrets surrounding small kampung,animation,drama
"When a renegade Japanese gang known as the Katana take control of the cocaine trade in Los Angeles, the LAPD transfer in a Samurai Cop from the SDPD to help tackle the problem. Joe Marshall has been trained by the masters in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese, but dresses like a commoner. An attempted bust meets with failure after a bizarre car chase leads to multiple deaths and the only witness burned and unable to testify. Katana boss Fuj Fujiyama orders the injured Katana member to be executed and his head displayed on a piano to remind all functioning Katana members of their code of silence. Joe and his partner Frank confront the Katana at the Carlos'n Charlie's restaurant on Sunset Boulevard and attempt to reprimand them into obeying the law. When that fails, Fujiyama's right-hand man Yamashita wages war in the parking lot, executing his own men who fail to subdue Joe and Frank, thus maintaining the code of silence. Joe then stalks Fujiyama's girlfriend Jennifer and seduces her. They have sexual relations while several of his police comrades are tortured and killed by the Katana gang who are looking for him. Unable to contain his anger any longer, commanding officer Captain Rohmer sanctions an assassination of every single Katana gang member. Joe and Frank head to Fujiyama's compound and gun down every living person and a final sword battle between Joe and Yamashita ends the reign of terror. To celebrate, Joe and Jennifer once again have relations.",renegade japanese gang known katana control cocaine trade los angeles lapd transfer samurai cop sdpd tackle problem joe marshall trained masters japan speaks fluent japanese dresses like commoner attempted bust meets failure bizarre car chase leads multiple deaths witness burned unable testify katana boss fuj fujiyama orders injured katana member executed head displayed piano remind functioning katana members code silence joe partner frank confront katana carlos n charlie restaurant sunset boulevard attempt reprimand obeying law fails fujiyama right hand yamashita wages war parking lot executing men fail subdue joe frank thus maintaining code silence joe stalks fujiyama girlfriend jennifer seduces sexual relations several police comrades tortured killed katana gang looking unable contain anger any longer commanding officer captain rohmer sanctions assassination every single katana gang member joe frank head fujiyama compound gun every living person final sword battle joe yamashita ends reign terror celebrate joe jennifer once relations,drama,action
"The film begins with a feast in a great hall during winter. The king is ashamed of how comfortable they have all grown to live, and questions the bravery of all knights present. A knight on horseback storms through the door and the crowd falls silent as the knight, all in green and carrying a large axe, walks up to the throne. He asks if any man has enough courage to challenge him to a game. The king shames the knights around the hall for not volunteering, and in an act of showmanship announces he himself shall take the challenge given by the green knight. Finally, a young squire named Gawain speaks up and accepts the challenge in lieu of the king. The knight tells Gawain that he has one chance to behead him, but then the knight gets to return the favor. The king grants Gawain knighthood so that he can fulfill the requirements of the challenge. Gawain beheads the knight but then the knight's torso walks up and grabs the head and puts it back on his body. The crowd is stunned and the knight tells Gawain to kneel so he can make his blow. The knight then pauses and considers that Gawain is merely a boy who has not yet even grown a beard. The knight says he will return in one year, enough for the boy to grow a beard, to claim his side of the bargain. Gawain questions the knight must I spend the year awaiting death at your hand?. The green knight gives Gawain a chance to solve a riddle to save his life, which consists of four lines: Gawain is then given King Arthur's blessing and ceremonial armour to accomplish a seemingly chivalrous task. He heads out with a loyal servant in search of the answer to the Green Knight's riddle. When asked which way they should be heading, his servant suggests due west, as that is the direction the wind is blowing. Sir Gawain then meets another knight, in black armor, claiming to defend a lost and hidden city. After a short duel (in which Sir Gawain's thin armor is revealed by the servant to him) the knight in black armor concedes to the challenger and shows the whereabouts of a secret city. However, upon arriving there, the knight in black armor, close to death, lies about his wounds and calls the victorious Sir Gawain a murderer, setting the city and her guards upon him. He manages to escape the guards, thanks to the aid of a beautiful lady in the castle, who gives him a ring with which to escape. Upon escaping he is told by the Green Knight that the game he has accepted as a challenge has rules, rules of which have been broken. Later, Gawain returns to the secret city, only to find it deserted, with the denizens old and covered in cob webs, frozen in time. However he is able to revive and bring back the youth of the lady that helped him escape by giving her the magic ring he used to escape the city (that previously broke the rules). Unfortunately, in his hours of peace and love, the lady is kidnapped by a lustful prince. Gawain is convinced that saving her is his only option and rediscovers his friend and servant along with a band of men willing to assist. Whilst the rescue mission is under way, a rival Baron of the captors arrives and threatens war if certain demands are not met. The rival Baron has accepted the beautiful lady as a tribute to avert war. The rescue mission fails, with Sir Gawain under the false impression that the beautiful lady has been killed in a fire thanks to the acts of the lustful prince. Later Gawain asks his comrades to disband, including the men that followed him to raid the castle in an attempt to save the lady. He then discovers to his joy that the lady has in fact been saved by the rival Baron who accepted her as tribute and even gave her her freedom at no cost. Eternally grateful, Sir Gawain once more gathers his men and his servant and encounters the forces of the prince who kidnapped the lady. Despite being outnumbered and lacking archers, Sir Gawain and his men triumph over the forces of the lustful prince. Whilst in single combat, Sir Gawain has the upper hand when the prince calls for assistance from an archer nearby. The archer is about to fire into Gawain's back when the seneschal of the Prince's father orders the archer to stop, preferring to see his son die in honorable combat then let him cheat. The Seneschal then orders his men to withdraw, leaving Gawain to take the field. Following his finale with the lustful prince, Gawain is approached by the Green Knight. Gawain has failed to solve the final line of the riddle within the time limit, and must therefore allow the Green Knight one swing at his neck with an axe. Gawain rides out to meet the Knight. He has around his neck a piece of magical cloth from the lady, showing her favor. The Green knight takes aim with his axe at Gawain's neck and strikes a blow. To his surprise, the Green Knight's strikes the blow upon the cloth given to him by the lady, cutting it. Gawain then tells the Green Knight that the game is over since he has struck his single blow. The Green Knight and Sir Gawain then do battle, with Sir Gawain triumphing. As the Green Knight suffers a mortal wound, he asks Sir Gawain to stop battle, realizing that he has already lost. Sir Gawain returns to the beautiful lady. Near the sea, he talks with her and she tells him: I too live a borrowed year. It began with your act of valor before the Green Knight and now is at an end. As he touches her on the cheek, she flies away as a dove, returning to Lyonesse.",film feast great hall winter king ashamed how comfortable grown live questions bravery knights present knight horseback storms door crowd falls silent knight green carrying large axe walks throne any enough courage challenge game king shames knights around hall volunteering act showmanship announces shall challenge given green knight finally young squire named gawain speaks accepts challenge lieu king knight gawain chance behead knight return favor king grants gawain knighthood fulfill requirements challenge gawain beheads knight knight torso walks grabs head puts body crowd stunned knight gawain kneel blow knight pauses considers gawain merely boy yet even grown beard knight says return year enough boy grow beard claim side bargain gawain questions knight must i spend year awaiting death your hand green knight gives gawain chance solve riddle save life consists four lines gawain given king arthur blessing ceremonial armour accomplish seemingly chivalrous task heads loyal servant search answer green knight riddle asked should heading servant suggests due west direction wind blowing sir gawain meets knight black armor claiming defend lost hidden city short duel sir gawain thin armor revealed servant knight black armor concedes challenger shows whereabouts secret city upon arriving knight black armor close death lies wounds calls victorious sir gawain murderer setting city guards upon manages escape guards thanks aid beautiful lady castle gives ring escape upon escaping told green knight game accepted challenge rules rules broken gawain returns secret city find deserted denizens old covered cob webs frozen time able revive bring youth lady helped escape giving magic ring used escape city previously broke rules unfortunately hours peace love lady kidnapped lustful prince gawain convinced saving option rediscovers friend servant along band men willing assist whilst rescue mission under rival baron captors arrives threatens war certain demands met rival baron accepted beautiful lady tribute avert war rescue mission fails sir gawain under false impression beautiful lady killed fire thanks acts lustful prince gawain comrades disband including men followed raid castle attempt save lady discovers joy lady fact saved rival baron accepted tribute even gave freedom cost eternally grateful sir gawain once gathers men servant encounters forces prince kidnapped lady despite outnumbered lacking archers sir gawain men triumph forces lustful prince whilst single combat sir gawain upper hand prince calls assistance archer nearby archer fire gawain seneschal prince orders archer stop preferring see son die honorable combat let cheat seneschal orders men withdraw leaving gawain field following finale lustful prince gawain approached green knight gawain failed solve final line riddle within time limit must therefore allow green knight swing neck axe gawain rides meet knight around neck piece magical cloth lady showing favor green knight aim axe gawain neck strikes blow surprise green knight strikes blow upon cloth given lady cutting gawain green knight game since struck single blow green knight sir gawain do battle sir gawain triumphing green knight suffers mortal wound sir gawain stop battle realizing already lost sir gawain returns beautiful lady near sea talks i too live borrowed year began your act valor green knight end touches cheek flies dove returning lyonesse,action,animation
"Rosemary Brown (Patricia Roc), an English novice nun, is mistakenly apprehended by French soldiers as a fifth columnist during the 1940 Battle of France. She is sentenced to face a firing squad, but the Germans arrive and she is sent (without her habit, which is being cleaned) to an internment camp in a grand hotel at the spa town of Marneville. She journeys there with Freda (a journalist played by Phyllis Calvert), Bridie (a stripper played by Jean Kent), Muriel (Flora Robson) and her companion Miss Meredith (Muriel Aked). At the camp, they meet Maud (Renee Houston) Mrs Burtshaw (Thora Hird) and Teresa King. While two women are assigned to each room, Bridie uses her charms to obtain one to herself. They receive a radio from an unknown source, but it is swiftly confiscated by the Germans. The women conclude that they have a stool pigeon, nicknamed Poison Ivy, amongst the dozen who knew about the radio. Nellie reports that she saw the German file on Rosemary; the charge of being a fifth columnist causes suspicion to fall on her. However, Freda and Maud do not believe it. They warn Rosemary, who reveals she is a nun. An RAF bomber is hit during a nighttime air raid. Manningford deliberately violates the blackout in order to help it crash land. Pilot Officer Jimmy Moore (James McKechnie), Sergeant Alec Harvey (Reginald Purdell) and Dave Kennedy (Robert Arden) seek refuge in the hotel. The women hide them, but have to conceal the fact from Teresa King, who is revealed to be a Nazi spy. Later, Alec recognises Rosemary as Mary Maugham, a singer whose boyfriend murdered his wife; she became a nun as a result. However, they start falling for each other, as do Dave and Bridie. When Sergeant Hentzner spots Dave, Dave manages to strangle him quietly, and his body is hidden. The women devise a plan to enable the men to escape during a concert they will put on. To ensure the Germans stay until the end, Freda persuades Bridie to perform her act last. However, when Birdie overhears what Dave thinks of her (due to her fraternisation with the Germans), she slips Teresa a note betraying all. Freda makes Dave write an apology professing his love, which she delivers to Birdie. Birdie then goes to Teresa's room and sees that she has already read the note. The two women fight. Teresa wins and alerts Frau Holweg, but one of the women knocks Holweg out. By the time she comes to and warns the commandant, it is too late. The trio escape, with the aid of Monsieur Boper, the hotel proprietor, who turns out not to be a collaborator after all. The women defiantly sing There'll Always Be an England.",rosemary brown patricia roc english novice nun mistakenly apprehended french soldiers fifth columnist battle france sentenced face firing squad germans arrive sent without habit cleaned internment camp grand hotel spa town marneville journeys freda journalist played phyllis calvert bridie stripper played jean kent muriel flora robson companion miss meredith muriel aked camp meet maud renee houston mrs burtshaw thora hird teresa king women assigned each room bridie uses charms obtain herself receive radio unknown source swiftly confiscated germans women conclude stool pigeon nicknamed poison ivy amongst dozen knew radio nellie reports saw german file rosemary charge fifth columnist causes suspicion fall freda maud do believe warn rosemary reveals nun raf bomber hit nighttime air raid manningford deliberately violates blackout order crash land pilot officer jimmy moore james mckechnie sergeant alec harvey reginald purdell dave kennedy robert arden seek refuge hotel women hide conceal fact teresa king revealed nazi spy alec recognises rosemary mary maugham singer whose boyfriend murdered wife became nun result start falling each do dave bridie sergeant hentzner spots dave dave manages strangle quietly body hidden women devise plan enable men escape concert put ensure germans stay until end freda persuades bridie perform act last birdie overhears dave thinks due fraternisation germans slips teresa note betraying freda makes dave write apology professing love delivers birdie birdie teresa room sees already read note women fight teresa wins alerts frau holweg women knocks holweg time warns commandant too late trio escape aid monsieur boper hotel proprietor turns collaborator women defiantly sing always england,drama,comedy
"Swede (Charles Bickford) rows up to a public dock in a dinghy. He hides when he spots a young woman who walks to the end of the pier. When a new night watchman (an uncredited Emory Parnell) notices her, Swede stops him from bothering her. The sailor begins recounting her story, and the film segues into a long flashback. Joe the Greek Adams (Cary Grant) is a gambler and grifter with a couple of problems. First, he and his treacherous partner Zepp (Paul Stewart) have received draft notices to join the army in preparation for World War II. Fortunately, he has a solution. One of his underlings, Joe Bascopolous, has just died, and his status was 4F (unfit to serve). So one of them can dodge the draft by assuming his identity. They gamble for it; Zepp cheats, but Joe still wins. Zepp fails his physical examination anyway. The other problem is a lack of money to bankroll his gambling ship. He talks the head of the local War Relief organization, Captain Veronica Steadman (Gladys Cooper), into authorizing him to run a charity casino, promising to raise enough money to outfit a relief ship, despite the suspicions of her lieutenant, wealthy socialite Dorothy Bryant (Laraine Day). Eventually, he even charms Dorothy. She tells her snobbish grandfather (Henry Stephenson), to his great dismay, that Joe's the first man I've ever met I'm afraid of. It's exciting. At one point, Joe teaches Dorothy Australian rhyming slang, for example, tit for tat (hat), twist and twirl (girl), storm and strife (wife). Later, he renames his gambling ship the Briny Marlin (darling) in her honor. On the day of the charity ball, Joe receives a letter addressed to Bascopolous. Curious, he takes it to a Greek Orthodox priest for translation. It turns out to be from Bascopolous's mother in Axis-occupied Greece. She wrote to tell her son that when German paratroopers invaded their village, under his brothers' leadership, every man and boy fought to the death. Moved, Joe sits on a park bench, reexamining his life. At the ball, Joe's men use false bottoms in the cashboxes to steal most of the money. Joe has a change of heart and tells his right-hand man, the Crunk (Alan Carney), that the money is going to war relief. But Zepp overhears and forces him at gunpoint to collect the loot. Dorothy accidentally catches them in the act and thinks Joe is a willing participant. To protect her, he is forced to knock her out. Then, the two men start collecting the money. When Zepp briefly looks away, Joe attacks and kills him, but not before getting shot. Joe escapes, leaving behind a trail of blood. Then, he sends the money back to Dorothy via his trusted friend Swede. He loads his ship with the charity's supplies. Later, Dorothy is stricken when a policeman informs her Bascopolous is dead. Then she sees the photograph of the man; it is not her Joe. When the name of the ship Bascopolous worked on is mentioned, she rushes to the dock, just as the ship is leaving for Europe. She begs Joe to take her with him, but he tells her she deserves better and turns away to hide his own anguish. The ship is torpedoed and sunk on the return trip. Dorothy visits the pier each night. The flashback ends. Hoping Dorothy would be present, Swede arranges for Joe to meet him there. When Joe shows up at the other end of the pier, he wants to go out on the town to celebrate their last night in port rather than going back to their ship. Thinking quickly, the guard tells him he cannot leave the dinghy tied up where it is. The watchman settles who has to move it by flipping a coin, assigning Swede heads. Joe loses. When he walks to the end of the dock, Dorothy sees him and rushes into his arms. Joe is taken aback, but then embraces her. Meanwhile, Swede examines the coin: it has two heads.",swede charles bickford rows public dock dinghy hides spots young woman walks end pier night watchman uncredited emory parnell notices swede stops bothering sailor recounting story film segues long flashback joe greek adams cary grant gambler grifter couple problems treacherous partner zepp paul stewart received draft notices join army preparation world war ii fortunately solution underlings joe bascopolous died status f unfit serve dodge draft assuming identity gamble zepp cheats joe wins zepp fails physical examination anyway problem lack money bankroll gambling ship talks head local war relief organization captain veronica steadman gladys cooper authorizing run charity casino promising raise enough money outfit relief ship despite suspicions lieutenant wealthy socialite dorothy bryant laraine day even charms dorothy snobbish grandfather henry stephenson great dismay joe i ever met i am afraid exciting point joe teaches dorothy australian rhyming slang example tit tat hat twist twirl girl storm strife wife renames gambling ship briny marlin darling honor day charity ball joe receives letter addressed bascopolous curious greek orthodox priest translation turns bascopolous mother axis occupied greece wrote tell son german paratroopers invaded village under brothers leadership every boy fought death moved joe sits park bench reexamining life ball joe men use false bottoms cashboxes steal most money joe change heart right hand crunk alan carney money going war relief zepp overhears forces gunpoint collect loot dorothy accidentally catches act thinks joe willing participant protect forced knock men start collecting money zepp briefly looks joe attacks kills getting shot joe escapes leaving behind trail blood sends money dorothy via trusted friend swede loads ship charity supplies dorothy stricken policeman informs bascopolous dead sees photograph joe name ship bascopolous worked mentioned rushes dock ship leaving europe begs joe deserves better turns hide anguish ship torpedoed sunk return trip dorothy visits pier each night flashback ends hoping dorothy would present swede arranges joe meet joe shows end pier wants town celebrate last night port rather than going ship thinking quickly guard cannot leave dinghy tied watchman settles move flipping coin assigning swede heads joe loses walks end dock dorothy sees rushes arms joe taken aback embraces swede examines coin heads,romance,comedy
"Travers and McKenna play Matt and Jean, a young couple (they were married in real life) with a longing to visit exotic places such as Samarkand. Matt inherits a cinema from his great uncle. When they look over their new property, they first mistake the modern Grand for it. They are soon disillusioned to learn that the cinema they actually own is the old decrepit Bijou Kinema (nicknamed the flea pit), which is sandwiched between two railway bridges. Along with the cinema come three long-time employees: Mrs. Fazackalee (Rutherford), the cashier and bookkeeper; Mr. Quill (Sellers), the projectionist; and Old Tom (Miles) the commissionaire, doorkeeper and usher. Robin (Phillips), their solicitor, informs them that the Grand's owner, Mr. Hardcastle (De Wolff), had offered to buy the Bijou from Matt's great uncle for five thousand pounds in order to construct a car park for his nearby cinema. When they see their competitor however, he only offers them five hundred, thinking they have no choice but to accept. Instead, on Robin's advice, they pretend to want to reopen the Bijou in order to force Hardcastle to raise his offer. At first, they seem to be succeeding, but then Old Tom inadvertently lets slip their overheard plan and Hardcastle refuses to budge. They decide to carry on with their bluff and go through with the opening. After a few mishaps, the business flourishes, especially after Matt employs the curvaceous Marlene Hogg (Cunningham) to sell ice creams and other treats at the interval. Hardcastle counters by slipping a bottle of whisky into the next shipment of film reels for Quill, who has a drinking problem. He eventually succumbs to the temptation (while parched actors crawl across a desert on the screen; showing this type of film was actually a ploy to sell more ice cream and soft drinks to the audience), leaving Matt to try unsuccessfully to substitute for him; Matt is unable to work the antiquated projectors properly, and they are forced to refund the customers' money. Matt and Jean are ready to give up (with Old Tom eavesdropping again) only to wake up the next morning to find that the Grand has burned down. Hardcastle is forced to pay ten thousand pounds for the Bijou in order to stay in business while his cinema is being rebuilt. As an added condition, he has to keep the three staff on as employees. Just as Matt and Jean are leaving on the train, Old Tom tells Matt that It were the only way, weren't it?, implying he committed arson. Alarmed, they decide to write him a letter asking him to clarify his remark, but instead send him a postcard... from Samarkand.",travers mckenna play matt jean young couple were married real life longing visit exotic places such samarkand matt inherits cinema great uncle look property mistake modern grand disillusioned learn cinema actually old decrepit bijou kinema nicknamed flea pit sandwiched railway bridges along cinema three long time employees mrs fazackalee rutherford cashier bookkeeper mr quill sellers projectionist old tom miles commissionaire doorkeeper usher robin phillips solicitor informs grand owner mr hardcastle de wolff offered buy bijou matt great uncle five thousand pounds order construct car park nearby cinema see competitor offers five hundred thinking choice accept instead robin advice pretend want reopen bijou order force hardcastle raise offer seem succeeding old tom inadvertently lets slip overheard plan hardcastle refuses budge decide carry bluff opening few mishaps business flourishes especially matt employs curvaceous marlene hogg cunningham sell ice creams treats interval hardcastle counters slipping bottle whisky shipment film reels quill drinking problem succumbs temptation parched actors crawl across desert screen showing type film actually ploy sell ice cream soft drinks audience leaving matt try unsuccessfully substitute matt unable work antiquated projectors properly forced refund customers money matt jean ready give old tom eavesdropping wake morning find grand burned hardcastle forced pay ten thousand pounds bijou order stay business cinema rebuilt added condition keep three staff employees matt jean leaving train old tom matt were were implying committed arson alarmed decide write letter asking clarify remark instead send postcard samarkand,comedy,drama
"The film opens with Sakthi (Vishal), son of a forest ranger, beating up a gang that illegally cuts precious trees to earn money. Sakthi is a jungle trekker who spends his time bringing groups of tourists on trips into the jungle. Almost immediately the story changes track and introduces Sakthi’s girlfriend Rupa (Sunaina). The lovers soon part ways citing compatibility issues where Rupa complains that Shakthi is not the loving boyfriend she wanted. Sakthi's character is as such that he does not remember even a single detail in their love life that Rupa deems important. Rupa tells Sakthi that he does not seem to have the time for a girlfriend, and that he does not even care to do so. Rupa further aggravates the situation by asking Sakthi to close his eyes and tell her the colour of the dress she was wearing right then, but Sakthi finds that he could not. Grieved, Rupa leaves Sakthi, saying this was his character and that he would not change. After three months, Sakthi still had not recovered from his break-up. However, he receives a courier from his girlfriend saying that she misses him, and a flight ticket to Bangkok where she resides now. Sakthi is overjoyed, and leaves for Bangkok. Being his first trip to a foreign country, Sakthi seeks help from his beautiful co-passenger Maya (Trisha). They end up becoming friends and Sakthi tells Maya about his lady love. In Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi Airport, Sakthi and Maya part ways, and Sakthi makes his way to the Buddhist Temple where Rupa had written in the letter that she would meet him at. Although he waits for hours, Rupa doesn't turn up. At night, IPS Officer Muthumaran (Sampath Raj) checks on him, saying that he wasn't allowed to stay at the temple at night. Upon learning that Sakthi is a Tamilian just like himself, he offers him a place to stay while Sakthi finds his girlfriend. However, Muthumaran does imply that he does not trust women, and that Sakthi should not get his hopes up high that Rupa will come looking for him. Another day, in a case of mistaken identity, Sakthi gets caught up in the middle of a shootout between two gangs, one intent on protecting him and the other seemingly hell-bent to riddle him full of holes. As the gang protecting Sakthi gain the upperhand in the firefight, they whisk him away to a posh hotel in a luxury car. Sakthi is confused and doesn’t understand why he was dragged off. A magazine in the seat next to him in the car attracts his attention and to his shock, Sakthi sees an exact look-alike on the cover of the magazine. It turns out that his doppelgänger, remarkably also named Sakthi, is a multi-millionaire tycoon who is adored by many and targeted by a few in Bangkok. He doesn’t know how to prove his identity as everything stands against him. Things get bizarre as Trekker Sakthi has been forcefully dropped into the role of Tycoon Sakthi and situations seem to prove him as someone he was not. In the hotel, Trekker Sakthi argues with the Tycoon Sakthi's personal assistant Manohar (John Vijay) about his true identity. He takes out his passport and shows it to Manohar. An amused Manohar gives the passport back to Trekker Sakthi and asks if it was true that he was merely the son of a forest ranger, why would he have multiple visas of so many countries, which was expected in a businessman's passport. To his horror, Trekker Shakthi finds that his ordinary, rarely travelled Indian passport has inexplicably turned into a Thai passport with visas to several countries like Australia, New Zealand and the United States. Sakthi enlists the helps of Maya, who brings him to a branch of Bangkok Bank to recover his details, hoping there would be a discrepancy somewhere to help Trekker Sakthi prove he was not Tycoon Sakthi. In a turn of events, when Trekker Sakthi signs his signature to access the Tycoon's bank account balance hoping that his different signature might be proof enough, the bank's security system shows that his signature was an exact match – and that he had a little over half a billion US dollars in his account. At this juncture, even Maya starts to suspect that both Sakthis are the same person. Sakthi gets further and further mangled in more trouble with his assumed identity. After a long cat and mouse game, Sakthi spots Manohar again, not in a business suit as before, but as a pimp in the streets. Sakthi gives chase and beats him up enough to find out the truth – that he was being played by two ruthless, psychotic businessmen watching his every move through hidden cameras, who have orchestrated all the bizarre situations Sakthi had found himself in before Manohar reveals the names he gets shot and falls down in the hole. Shakthi is blamed for the murder and police does not believe his situation. Shakthi comes to know that Rupa had never written the letter. Two business tycoons Rajesh Arunachalam (Manoj Bajpai) and John Frederick (J. D. Chakravarthy) happen to be friends from childhood, born in rich families. They play a game creating problematic situations intentionally for unsuspecting people choosing randomly placing bets on them to determine whether they survive or not. In present, both villains bring a person posing as Maya's boyfriend Rohit (Narayan Lucky) to provoke the anger of Sakthi so that he would show his anger towards Maya. Sakthi plays the same game back at the villains with Maya, by pretending to slap and kill her (two villains think that Maya is really dead). Maya stands in a road where villains were travelling and they think her as ghost, they panic, lose control of the car and become unconscious. Next day, Rajesh and John find themselves staying in a suite owned by them and a news broadcast shocks them – to the whole world, John and Rajesh are dead and their funeral is taking place. They run away and end up before Shakthi and Maya. Joseph Kuriyan (Jayaprakash), Muthumaran, and Jayakumar (Sriman), the people who were involved in the game arrive there, and the film ends with Shakthi and Maya walking away from the seaside while the sound of a pistol is heard which indicates that both villains are killed.",film opens sakthi vishal son forest ranger beating gang illegally cuts precious trees earn money sakthi jungle trekker spends time bringing groups tourists trips jungle almost immediately story changes track introduces sakthi s girlfriend rupa sunaina lovers part ways citing compatibility issues rupa complains shakthi loving boyfriend wanted sakthi character such remember even single detail love life rupa deems important rupa sakthi seem time girlfriend even care do rupa further aggravates situation asking sakthi close eyes tell colour dress wearing right sakthi could grieved rupa leaves sakthi saying character would change three months sakthi recovered break receives courier girlfriend saying misses flight ticket bangkok resides sakthi overjoyed leaves bangkok trip foreign country sakthi seeks beautiful co passenger maya trisha end becoming friends sakthi maya lady love bangkok suvarnabhumi airport sakthi maya part ways sakthi makes buddhist temple rupa written letter would meet although waits hours rupa turn night ips officer muthumaran sampath raj checks saying allowed stay temple night upon learning sakthi tamilian like offers place stay sakthi girlfriend muthumaran imply trust women sakthi should hopes high rupa looking day case mistaken identity sakthi caught middle shootout gangs intent protecting seemingly hell bent riddle full holes gang protecting sakthi gain upperhand firefight whisk posh hotel luxury car sakthi confused doesn t understand why dragged magazine seat car attracts attention shock sakthi sees exact look alike cover magazine turns doppelg nger remarkably named sakthi multi millionaire tycoon adored many targeted few bangkok doesn t know how prove identity everything stands against things bizarre trekker sakthi forcefully dropped role tycoon sakthi situations seem prove someone hotel trekker sakthi argues tycoon sakthi personal assistant manohar john vijay true identity passport shows manohar amused manohar gives passport trekker sakthi true merely son forest ranger why would multiple visas many countries expected businessman passport horror trekker shakthi ordinary rarely travelled indian passport inexplicably turned thai passport visas several countries like australia zealand united states sakthi enlists helps maya brings branch bangkok bank recover details hoping would discrepancy somewhere trekker sakthi prove tycoon sakthi turn events trekker sakthi signs signature access tycoon bank account balance hoping different signature might proof enough bank security system shows signature exact match little half billion us dollars account juncture even maya starts suspect sakthis same person sakthi further further mangled trouble assumed identity long cat mouse game sakthi spots manohar business suit pimp streets sakthi gives chase beats enough find truth played ruthless psychotic businessmen watching every move hidden cameras orchestrated bizarre situations sakthi found manohar reveals names shot falls hole shakthi blamed murder police believe situation shakthi know rupa never written letter business tycoons rajesh arunachalam manoj bajpai john frederick j d chakravarthy happen friends childhood born rich families play game creating problematic situations intentionally unsuspecting people choosing randomly placing bets determine whether survive or present villains bring person posing maya boyfriend rohit narayan lucky provoke anger sakthi would show anger towards maya sakthi plays same game villains maya pretending slap kill villains think maya really dead maya stands road villains were travelling think ghost panic lose control car become unconscious day rajesh john find themselves staying suite owned news broadcast shocks whole world john rajesh dead funeral taking place run end shakthi maya joseph kuriyan jayaprakash muthumaran jayakumar sriman people were involved game arrive film ends shakthi maya walking seaside sound pistol heard indicates villains killed,action,drama
"Crisis in a middle-class family when the son falls in love with his father's mistress. Family ties are stretched to breaking point, and the mother fears she'll lose her son as well as her husband.",crisis middle class family son falls love mistress family ties stretched breaking point mother fears lose son well husband,drama,romance
"Vichu, Varadhu, Vaithi and Govind are four friends and they earn their livelihood doing Kathakalakshepam. They want to become rich and famous. They come across an old lady, who advises them to meet a Swamiji who, she tells them, would help them to become rich overnight. The Swamiji agrees to help them but on one condition—they should retrieve a holy necklace from Rakshasas who live in a cave. The four friends set out to the cave where they meet a colorful character from the sea, a gold palace, and of course, the Rakshasas too. Lured by wealth, the four friends estrange. What happens then forms the crux.[1]",vichu varadhu vaithi govind four friends earn livelihood doing kathakalakshepam want become rich famous across old lady advises meet swamiji would become rich overnight swamiji agrees condition should retrieve holy necklace rakshasas live cave four friends set cave meet colorful character sea gold palace course rakshasas too lured wealth four friends estrange happens forms crux,animation,romance
"Art thief Sam Conride (Stewart Granger) steals a Renaissance-era painting on loan to an Italian museum by a Catholic church. He has been financed by his partner, Felix Guignol (George Sanders). Felix has an obsessed client named Aramescue (Kurt Kasznar) who has agreed to pay $100,000 for the artwork. However, Conride stages a boating accident on the way to the rendezvous in Tunis and tells Felix the painting has been destroyed in a fire. Knowing that Sam is as unscrupulous and self-serving as he, Felix suspects otherwise. Nonetheless, he accepts Sam's suggestion that they create half a dozen forgeries to sell to unsuspecting art lovers. Felix recommends Anna Vasarri (Pier Angeli) as a painter good enough and poor enough to consider doing the work. When Sam approaches her, however, she is appalled and refuses, especially since the painting is believed by Catholics (and Aramescue) to work miracles. Felix tells Sam to get her to change her mind by romancing her. It works. She falls in love with him. Meanwhile, Sam contacts R. F. Hawkley (Larry Keating), one of the few art fences capable of selling the famous painting. After his forgery expert, MacWade (Rhys Williams), confirms that the work is genuine, he agrees to pay $100,000. However, he does not have that much money with him, and Felix learns of their meeting. Sam and Anna get married and travel to Italy for their honeymoon, financed by Felix. There, Anna learns by accident where her husband has hidden the real painting. Felix and his men watch and wait for Sam to meet Hawkley. On his own initiative, Charles (Mike Mazurki), one of Guignol's thugs, tries beating the information out of Anna, but she refuses to betray Sam. Police officer Lt. Massiro tells her that if she knows where the real painting is, it must be returned, or he will arrest Sam. Anna asks for time to consider what to do. She then switches the painting with the fake that Sam had her create. When Sam shows Aramescu the painting, the man immediately spots it as a copy. Sam confronts Anna. When he discovers she has remained true to him despite being beaten, he comes to the realization she truly loves him, despite his many flaws, and that he loves her. Giving up, she reveals where the painting is hidden and leaves him. Sam arranges for Massiro to arrest Felix and his men, though they have to be released when it is revealed that the painting they took from Sam is a forgery. However, this gives Sam the time he needs to return the work to its rightful place in the church. Anna returns to him as a result. As the couple walk away, arm in arm, Felix stops Charles from shooting his former partner.",art thief sam conride stewart granger steals renaissance era painting loan italian museum catholic church financed partner felix guignol george sanders felix obsessed client named aramescue kurt kasznar agreed pay artwork conride stages boating accident rendezvous tunis felix painting destroyed fire knowing sam unscrupulous self serving felix suspects otherwise nonetheless accepts sam suggestion create half dozen forgeries sell unsuspecting art lovers felix recommends anna vasarri pier angeli painter good enough poor enough consider doing work sam approaches appalled refuses especially since painting believed catholics aramescue work miracles felix sam change mind romancing works falls love sam contacts r f hawkley larry keating few art fences capable selling famous painting forgery expert macwade rhys williams confirms work genuine agrees pay much money felix learns meeting sam anna married travel italy honeymoon financed felix anna learns accident husband hidden real painting felix men watch wait sam meet hawkley initiative charles mike mazurki guignol thugs beating information anna refuses betray sam police officer lt massiro knows real painting must returned or arrest sam anna time consider do switches painting fake sam create sam shows aramescu painting immediately spots copy sam confronts anna discovers remained true despite beaten realization truly loves despite many flaws loves giving reveals painting hidden leaves sam arranges massiro arrest felix men though released revealed painting took sam forgery gives sam time needs return work rightful place church anna returns result couple walk arm arm felix stops charles shooting former partner,crime,drama
"The film opens and ends with jail sequences. In both scenes, Pazhanivel (Bharath), the hero, is seen behind bars. The happenings from his release and his re-entry to the jail make the whole film. Pazhanivel, who comes out of prison, puts his sister Karpagambal’s (Kushboo) life on track through his heroics, and goes back to the prison as a martyr. Pazhanivel was put behind the bars when he was ten years old. He killed his father's keep who made his mother’s life a hell by exploiting her to cajole his ‘keep’. He went to jail and his father turned an aimless vagabond. The boy’s elder sister, who disowned him when he was sent to jail, grew up and got married to a businessman Jeevanandham (Biju Menon). Karpagambal is living in a fool’s paradise, believing the man, who is actually an antisocial element. However, she need not worry about anything. Pazhanivel, who is now 25, has come out of jail. He gets a job in his sister’s house without revealing his identity, unearths the shady deals of his sister’s husband, reforms him, and puts his sister’s life on track. Meanwhile, he finds his lady love Deepti (Kajal Aggarwal).",film opens ends jail sequences scenes pazhanivel bharath hero seen behind bars happenings release re entry jail whole film pazhanivel prison puts sister karpagambal s kushboo life track heroics prison martyr pazhanivel put behind bars ten years old killed keep made mother s life hell exploiting cajole keep went jail turned aimless vagabond boy s elder sister disowned sent jail grew got married businessman jeevanandham biju menon karpagambal living fool s paradise believing actually antisocial element need worry anything pazhanivel jail job sister s without revealing identity unearths shady deals sister s husband reforms puts sister s life track lady love deepti kajal aggarwal,action,romance
"While most of “But Always” takes place in New York City, the Chinese drama’s blend of sentimentality and romantic fatalism is very Asian. American viewers who aren’t Sino-cinema buffs might balk, but Snow Zou’s directorial debut does have a few noteworthy attributes: attractive stars, sun-dappled cinematography and an audacious payoff. Beijing tykes Anran and Yongyuan meet in 1982, when she transfers to his school. She’s wealthier than her ragged classmates, who regard her with suspicion. The school bully assigns Yongyuan to follow Anran, a role he happily accepts for the next 20 years. One sign of his devotion is that he can always recognize her footsteps. The kids bond, in part because both lost their mothers in the same earthquake. (His was a peasant; hers was a doctor.) But then Yongyuan’s guardian dies and his uncle takes him away. He’s not allowed to say goodbye to Anran, a pattern that recurs as one or the other repeatedly vanishes. A decade later, Yongyuan returns to Beijing and encounters Anran, now a teenage pre-med student. She’s grown up to be played by Chinese beauty Gao Yuanyuan (“Caught in the Web”), who in this movie always looks as if she’s just strolled out of a fashion spread. He’s now portrayed by Hong Kong action star Nicholas Tse (“The Bullet Vanishes”), who’s just as pretty as she is. The couple’s reunion is idyllic, then awkward, then idyllic again. But Yongyuan gets involved in some shady business to raise money for Anran’s post-graduate education. So when she’s ready to leave for Columbia University, he’s disappeared again. In Manhattan, Anran acquires a new boyfriend, a petulant painter called Michael (Qin Hao). She also works two part-time jobs in addition to her studies. (The movie is not subtle in suggesting that Beijing is now a better place to dwell than New York.) Yongyuan, who has gotten rich just so he can search for Anran, finds her through Michael’s paintings of her. This leads to another sweet, luminously photographed reunion. But the couple will be torn apart twice more, and the final rupture will make or break the movie for many viewers. It’s shamelessly contrived, but refreshingly outrageous. “But Always” seems modeled on Peter Chan’s more complex 1996 “Comrades, Almost a Love Story,” in which two mainland Chinese expats attract and repulse each other on journeys through Hong Kong and New York. Anyone who’s seen that movie will anticipate the final flashback in “But Always,” which makes the story’s melodramatic point one more time: Anran and Yongyuan are fated to be together as much as they are doomed to be apart.",most always place york city chinese drama s blend sentimentality romantic fatalism very asian american viewers aren t sino cinema buffs might balk snow zou s directorial debut few noteworthy attributes attractive stars sun dappled cinematography audacious payoff beijing tykes anran yongyuan meet transfers school s wealthier than ragged classmates regard suspicion school bully assigns yongyuan follow anran role happily accepts years sign devotion always recognize footsteps kids bond part lost mothers same earthquake peasant hers doctor yongyuan s guardian dies uncle s allowed say goodbye anran pattern recurs or repeatedly vanishes decade yongyuan returns beijing encounters anran teenage pre med student s grown played chinese beauty gao yuanyuan caught web movie always looks s strolled fashion spread s portrayed hong kong action star nicholas tse bullet vanishes s pretty couple s reunion idyllic awkward idyllic yongyuan involved shady business raise money anran s post graduate education s ready leave columbia university s disappeared manhattan anran acquires boyfriend petulant painter called michael qin hao works part time jobs addition studies movie subtle suggesting beijing better place dwell than york yongyuan gotten rich search anran michael s paintings leads sweet luminously photographed reunion couple torn apart twice final rupture or break movie many viewers s shamelessly contrived refreshingly outrageous always seems modeled peter chan s complex comrades almost love story mainland chinese expats attract repulse each journeys hong kong york anyone s seen movie anticipate final flashback always makes story s melodramatic point time anran yongyuan fated together much doomed apart,romance,drama
The film is a laugh riot telling the story of an almost dying old man named Rangappa.,film laugh riot telling story almost dying old named rangappa,comedy,drama
A woman's love life is threatened by her career success.,woman love life threatened career success,drama,comedy
"The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Ferdous Ahmed) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Surya (Jeet). Surjo is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Srabanti). Enter Section Shankar, Bharat Kaul, the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. Indu comes across ACP Bose when she is on a field trip from her college with her friends. She gets friendly with his daughter Pinky who tells her that she would get her introduced to her uncle Surya and they would make a good pair. It turns out that Surya studies in Indu's college and soon after they accidentally even come to know each other and get close. ACP Bose investigates the case of a dreaded criminal Section Shankar whom no one has been able to touch. He is even involved with a land deal involving crores of money which is completely illegal and others including the D.I.G is involved. When the chairman of the bank who has lent money for the deal demand the money back as the deal hasn’t worked, but Section Shankar eliminates him. The people who are customers of the bank take to the streets and try to damage the bank.ACP Bose arrives there, arrests the manager and takes him away. Somehow Section Shankar comes to know where the manager has been taken .He arrives there with his men and the D.I.G and nearly kill ACP Bose. Section Shankar asks his men to dump the body. On the way, somehow Surya gets involved and ultimately rescues his brother from a burning bus and the elder brother dies in the younger brother's arms. The entire media and the people think that ACP Bose has swindled off all the money as they have been made to believe that by the D.I.G.Surya decides to take revenge on the people who killed his brother. Firstly he kills Nikhil (his friend and Section Shankar's friend) .Then he kills the D.I.G (he had been taken to jail and he had escaped).Nikhil had also kidnapped Indu as he wants her at any cost, but Surya rescues her. Section Shankar also kidnaps the entire family of Surya.Surya goes to Section Shankar house's where he kills Shankar and rescues his family under the supervision of the new D.I.G who supports him wholeheartedly.",film starts flashback acp bose ferdous ahmed sincere police officer happily married lives parents younger brother surya jeet surjo college student falls love classmate indu srabanti enter section shankar bharat kaul villain notorious settlements land deals indu across acp bose field trip college friends friendly daughter pinky would introduced uncle surya would good pair turns surya studies indu college accidentally even know each close acp bose investigates case dreaded criminal section shankar whom able touch even involved land deal involving crores money completely illegal others including d i g involved chairman bank lent money deal demand money deal hasn t worked section shankar eliminates people customers bank streets try damage bank acp bose arrives arrests manager somehow section shankar know manager taken arrives men d i g nearly kill acp bose section shankar men dump body somehow surya involved ultimately rescues brother burning bus elder brother dies younger brother arms entire media people think acp bose swindled money made believe d i g surya decides revenge people killed brother firstly kills nikhil friend section shankar friend kills d i g taken jail escaped nikhil kidnapped indu wants any cost surya rescues section shankar kidnaps entire family surya surya section shankar kills shankar rescues family under supervision d i g supports wholeheartedly,drama,action
"American architect Robert Lomax is an aspiring artist who relocates to Hong Kong for a year to see if he can make a living as a painter. Whilst aboard the Star Ferry, en route to Hong Kong Island, he surreptitiously sketches fellow passengers, including a smartly dressed young woman of seemingly lofty social status. She eventually introduces herself as Mei Ling, then accuses him of stealing her purse and demands his arrest. Fortunately, an independent witness informs the police officer of the true circumstances, and the situation is resolved. They eventually shake hands then go their separate ways. With limited financial resources, Robert looks for an inexpensive room in the teeming Wan Chai district, a poor area known for prostitution. By chance, he sees Mei Ling leaving a run-down hotel there. Inside, he astounds proprietor Ah Tong by renting a room for one whole month - rather than by the hour, as is more usual. In a bar next door, he is bemused to see Mei Ling again. This time dressed in a slinky red cheongsam and in the company of a sailor. He approaches her; she now says her name is Suzie Wong, and that they have never met before. Eventually, Suzie admits who she is, laughing that she had him fooled for a while. The following day, Robert visits a banker to set up an account. The banker's secretary and daughter, Kay O'Neill, is immediately attracted to the newcomer. Robert asks Suzie to model for him. As they become better acquainted, he learns she was forced into her profession as a means of survival, when she was ten years old. She begins falling in love with him, but he tries to dissuade her, although he finds her very appealing. Meanwhile, he is also pursued discreetly by Kay. At a dinner party she is hosting, Robert meets Ben Marlowe, whom he recognizes as one of Suzie's clients, with his wife. Ben offers to make Suzie his mistress, and she accepts in order to make Robert jealous. When Ben reconciles with his wife, he asks Robert to break the news to Suzie. She is so hurt by the rejection that Robert finally admits he loves her. Initially, the two are very happy, but their relationship becomes strained. One day, Robert follows Suzie on one of her periodic disappearances. He finds her visiting the infant son she has kept hidden from him. He accepts the child. When his paintings fail to sell, he finds himself facing financial difficulties, and both Kay and Suzie offer to give him money, but his pride will not let him accept. When Suzie pays his rent and offers to resume prostitution to help him, he drives her away in a fit of anger. Realizing his mistake, Robert searches for Suzie. When he finally finds her, he learns her baby has died in the annual flooding, and the two commit themselves to each other.",american architect robert lomax aspiring artist relocates hong kong year see living painter whilst aboard star ferry en route hong kong island surreptitiously sketches fellow passengers including smartly dressed young woman seemingly lofty social status introduces herself mei ling accuses stealing purse demands arrest fortunately independent witness informs police officer true circumstances situation resolved shake hands separate ways limited financial resources robert looks inexpensive room teeming wan chai district poor area known prostitution chance sees mei ling leaving run hotel inside astounds proprietor ah tong renting room whole month rather than hour usual bar door bemused see mei ling time dressed slinky red cheongsam company sailor approaches says name suzie wong never met suzie admits laughing fooled following day robert visits banker set account banker secretary daughter kay o neill immediately attracted newcomer robert suzie model become better acquainted learns forced profession means survival ten years old falling love dissuade although very appealing pursued discreetly kay dinner party hosting robert meets ben marlowe whom recognizes suzie clients wife ben offers suzie mistress accepts order robert jealous ben reconciles wife robert break news suzie hurt rejection robert finally admits loves initially very happy relationship strained day robert follows suzie periodic disappearances visiting infant son kept hidden accepts child paintings fail sell facing financial difficulties kay suzie offer give money pride let accept suzie pays rent offers resume prostitution drives fit anger realizing mistake robert searches suzie finally learns baby died annual flooding commit themselves each,romance,drama
"Kannan (Thaman Kumar), who has lot of debt, comes from his village to find a job in Chennai. There, he becomes an auto-driver. Kannan then saves Anjali (Vibha Natarajan), the daughter of Gautham (A. Venkatesh). Gautham, also known as Dato, is a wealthy man in Malaysia. Kannan takes Anjali to a hospital and is mistaken by the doctors to be her husband. Most of the relatives and the father also mistake him for the husband. In the meantime, Anjali falls into a coma. Kannan cannot tell the truth because of his family's debt. Kannan, his friend Gunaseelan (Erode Mahesh) and his boss Chinniah (Thambi Ramaiah) take off to Malaysia along with Anjali's family. Appukutty (Appukutty), Gautham's cook, becomes suspicious of Kannan's identity. In addition to this enters Anjali's sister Ranjini (Archana Vishwanath). What transpires later forms the crux of the story.",kannan thaman kumar lot debt village find job chennai auto driver kannan saves anjali vibha natarajan daughter gautham venkatesh gautham known dato wealthy malaysia kannan anjali hospital mistaken doctors husband most relatives mistake husband meantime anjali falls coma kannan cannot tell truth family debt kannan friend gunaseelan erode mahesh boss chinniah thambi ramaiah malaysia along anjali family appukutty appukutty gautham cook suspicious kannan identity addition enters anjali sister ranjini archana vishwanath transpires forms crux story,comedy,romance
"After the horse Life Belt is disqualified for a drug violation, trainer Dan Morgan is suspended from horse racing. He goes to work in a lesser role for June and Jimmy Curtis at their stables and tends to Color Sergeant, an injured horse. A rival stable owner, Walker Hammond, is willing to go to any lengths to win. His men set fire to the Curtis stables, and when his horse Carnation scores a narrow victory over Color Sergeant in a big race, Morgan proves that Carnation is actually another horse, entered illegally. Hammond is now the one banned from the track.",horse life belt disqualified drug violation trainer dan morgan suspended horse racing work lesser role june jimmy curtis stables tends color sergeant injured horse rival stable owner walker hammond willing any lengths win men set fire curtis stables horse carnation scores narrow victory color sergeant big race morgan proves carnation actually horse entered illegally hammond banned track,action,western
"Two brothers working in their father's repair garage: quiet sensible Johnny (Patric Doonan) and the younger and wilder Ted (Bryan Forbes) fall out when Ted brings home Lucky (Sandra Dorne), a beautiful dance hall singer. The brothers feud when she unexpectedly falls for Johnny, and crime and mayhem ensue.",brothers working repair garage quiet sensible johnny patric doonan younger wilder ted bryan forbes fall ted brings home lucky sandra dorne beautiful dance hall singer brothers feud unexpectedly falls johnny crime mayhem ensue,drama,western
"Sunder (Mehmood) works in a hotel owned by Ram Swarup (David Abraham) as a waiter. He is a very funny, uneducated man, with a suitably funny face, in contrast to his name. Radha (Leena Chandavarkar) is the daughter of Ram Swarup. She often comes to the hotel, and Sunder happens to meet her and amuse her with funny jokes. One day, in a casual remark, she says: I like your innocence. He does not understand the word innocence, and thinks that she likes him. He also likes her, but is afraid to tell her, as he works in her father's hotel. Then, he seeks help from his friend, Amar (Biswajeet). He helps him get work in the film industry. And in no time, Sunder emerges as a leading comic actor. But at this time, Amar, ignorant about his friend's love, and Radha fall in love. When he knows that Sunder's love is Radha, he asks Radha, who says that she never loved Sunder. Amar stops Sunder multiple times from expressing his feelings to Radha, thinking that the truth will break Sunder down. During his stardom days, he once performs at a charity show for orphaned children. He gets emotional seeing the children, and decides to stay a day longer, and in the process, misses his father's death ceremony at his home. Her mother asks him to be with her in her last moments, and he promises to. One day, during an interview to the All India Radio, he says that he likes to have his old waiter uniform in front of him, so that it could remind him of what he was earlier, so that he would not develop any pride. And in the same interview, he says that he is going to marry someone he loves. Amar and Radha listen to this on the radio. Knowing that Sunder will come to express his love to her, Radha urges Amar to tell him the truth, but he says, he is unable to do so. Sunder comes, and Radha tells her the truth. Heartbroken, Sunder wishes well for his friend, and Radha. Then, one day, he goes for the shooting of the climax of a film, whose date of release has come very near. The producer says to his guard that nobody, under any circumstance should disturb them. And back home, his mother falls down the stairs. She is rushed to the hospital. She wants to see her son, so, a man is sent to call him, but the guard does not allow him in. Instead, he himself goes to get some good medication. Sunder, after finishing the work, comes to know about the accident, and rushes away. But he finds her dead. He regrets being a celebrity. Amar and Radha marry. At that ceremony, Sunder comes in his old uniform, of a waiter. He says, he will no longer work in films, as that life is unreal. He will meet with his mother from now onwards, by helping poor and orphaned children.",sunder mehmood works hotel owned ram swarup david abraham waiter very funny uneducated suitably funny face contrast name radha leena chandavarkar daughter ram swarup often hotel sunder happens meet amuse funny jokes day casual remark says i like your innocence understand word innocence thinks likes likes afraid tell works hotel seeks friend amar biswajeet helps work film industry time sunder emerges leading comic actor time amar ignorant friend love radha fall love knows sunder love radha radha says never loved sunder amar stops sunder multiple times expressing feelings radha thinking truth break sunder stardom days once performs charity show orphaned children emotional seeing children decides stay day longer process misses death ceremony home mother last moments promises day interview india radio says likes old waiter uniform front could remind earlier would develop any pride same interview says going marry someone loves amar radha listen radio knowing sunder express love radha urges amar tell truth says unable do sunder radha truth heartbroken sunder wishes well friend radha day shooting climax film whose date release very near producer says guard nobody under any circumstance should disturb home mother falls stairs rushed hospital wants see son sent call guard allow instead good medication sunder finishing work know accident rushes dead regrets celebrity amar radha marry ceremony sunder old uniform waiter says longer work films life unreal meet mother onwards helping poor orphaned children,drama,romance
"David Kennedy is preparing to go to university. His mother, Francis (Frank) is a widow and has very little social life. David tells her that she should get out more and much to his surprise, Frank enrolls at the same university. Frank falls for her poetry tutor, who hates mature students. David falls for his best friend's girlfriend, who isn't interested in the least.",david kennedy preparing university mother francis frank widow very little social life david should much surprise frank enrolls same university frank falls poetry tutor hates mature students david falls best friend girlfriend interested least,comedy,drama
"Sung Tse-Ho (Ti Lung) works for the Triad, whose principal operation is printing and distributing counterfeit US bank notes. Ho is a respected member of the organization and is entrusted with the most important transactions. Mark Lee (Chow Yun-Fat), another high-ranking member of the group,[7] is his best friend and partner in crime. Ho is close to his younger brother, Kit (Leslie Cheung), who is training to become a police officer. Ho keeps his criminal life secret from his brother and encourages Kit's career choice. Ho's father is aware of Ho's criminal activities and appeals to him to go straight. Ho agrees, deciding that his next deal in Taiwan will be his last one before leaving the Triad. Shing (Waise Lee), a new member, is sent along as an apprentice. The deal turns out to be a trap by the Taiwanese gang. A shootout ensues in which Ho and Shing flee, pursued by local law enforcement. Meanwhile, a gang member attempts to kidnap Ho's father to ensure Ho's silence if he is caught by police; in the ensuing fight also involving Kit and his girlfriend, Ho's father is killed. Just before dying, he pleads with Kit to forgive his brother. Ho eventually surrenders to the police in order to buy time for Shing to escape. After learning of Ho's capture, Mark finds and kills the Taiwanese gang leader and his bodyguards. However, Mark's leg is shot in the gunfight, leaving him crippled. Ho is released from prison three years later. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a driver for a taxi company, run by another ex-con. Ho spots Mark during one of his shifts; in contrast to Mark's letters, he realizes that Mark has been reduced to an errand boy for Shing (who is the new leader of the Triad). During an emotional reunion, Mark asks Ho to take revenge on Shing and reclaim their positions in the organization, but Ho refuses. Ho seeks Kit out and attempts to reconcile with his brother (who is now a police officer), but is disowned by Kit, who sees Ho as a criminal who is responsible for their father's death. Additionally, Kit is resentful that his familial tie to Ho is preventing him from advancement in the department. In an effort to prove himself to his superiors and further distance himself from his brother's criminal past, Kit becomes obsessed with bringing down Shing's criminal group, despite Ho's warnings to stay away from the dangerous case. Shing finds Ho and presses him to come back to his organization, offering to reinstate Mark if he returns. Ho flatly refuses. Consequently, Shing begins harassing Ho in order to get him to return, including luring Kit into a trap and injuring Kit, attacking Ho's co-workers, and having Mark beaten severely. Ho is dismayed but is still hesitant to take action, but an impassioned speech by Mark finally convinces Ho to join Mark in taking revenge on Shing. Mark steals a computer tape containing printing plate data from the counterfeiting business and wins a shootout with gang members, with Ho arriving to aid Mark's escape. The film then reveals that it was Shing who betrayed Ho three years ago in Taiwan. Ho and Mark use the tape to blackmail Shing in exchange for money and an escape boat. However, Ho ensures that the tape is passed to Kit to hand to the police. Using Shing as a hostage, Ho and Mark take the money to a pier, where Shing's men await. There, Ho persuades Mark to escape by himself in the boat. After Mark leaves, Kit arrives on the scene intending to make an arrest where he is captured by Shing's men. A deal is made to exchange Shing with Kit, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Ho and Kit are wounded, but Mark returns with guns blazing out of loyalty to Ho. After Ho, Kit and Mark kill many of Shing's men, Mark berates Kit, telling him that Ho's actions had atoned for whatever wrongdoings he had done in the past. Mark is in turn killed by Shing. As the police approach, Shing mocks Ho (who has run out of ammunition), stating that he will surrender, but his money and power will ensure his swift release. Kit, finally seeing eye to eye with his brother, hands Ho a revolver, with which Ho kills Shing. Immediately afterwards, Ho handcuffs himself to Kit, expressing his desire for redemption and his admiration that Kit always walked the right path. The film ends with the reconciled brothers walking together towards the gathered crowd of police.",sung tse ho ti lung works triad whose principal operation printing distributing counterfeit us bank notes ho respected member organization entrusted most important transactions mark lee chow yun fat high ranking member group best friend partner crime ho close younger brother kit leslie cheung training become police officer ho keeps criminal life secret brother encourages kit career choice ho aware ho criminal activities appeals straight ho agrees deciding deal taiwan last leaving triad shing waise lee member sent along apprentice deal turns trap taiwanese gang shootout ensues ho shing flee pursued local law enforcement gang member attempts kidnap ho ensure ho silence caught police ensuing fight involving kit girlfriend ho killed dying pleads kit forgive brother ho surrenders police order buy time shing escape learning ho capture mark kills taiwanese gang leader bodyguards mark leg shot gunfight leaving crippled ho released prison three years remorseful determined start life work driver taxi company run ex con ho spots mark shifts contrast mark letters realizes mark reduced errand boy shing leader triad emotional reunion mark ho revenge shing reclaim positions organization ho refuses ho seeks kit attempts reconcile brother police officer disowned kit sees ho criminal responsible death additionally kit resentful familial tie ho preventing advancement department effort prove superiors further distance brother criminal past kit obsessed bringing shing criminal group despite ho warnings stay dangerous case shing ho presses organization offering reinstate mark returns ho flatly refuses consequently shing harassing ho order return including luring kit trap injuring kit attacking ho co workers mark beaten severely ho dismayed hesitant action impassioned speech mark finally convinces ho join mark taking revenge shing mark steals computer tape containing printing plate data counterfeiting business wins shootout gang members ho arriving aid mark escape film reveals shing betrayed ho three years ago taiwan ho mark use tape blackmail shing exchange money escape boat ho ensures tape passed kit hand police using shing hostage ho mark money pier shing men await ho persuades mark escape boat mark leaves kit arrives scene intending arrest captured shing men deal made exchange shing kit trade explodes wild shootout ho kit wounded mark returns guns blazing loyalty ho ho kit mark kill many shing men mark berates kit telling ho actions atoned whatever wrongdoings done past mark turn killed shing police approach shing mocks ho run ammunition stating surrender money power ensure swift release kit finally seeing eye eye brother hands ho revolver ho kills shing immediately afterwards ho handcuffs kit expressing desire redemption admiration kit always walked right path film ends reconciled brothers walking together towards gathered crowd police,crime,action
"When 21-year-old Melissa Collins (Eileen Elton) commits suicide, her guardian, the domineering American newspaper publisher William T. Marshall (Dennis O'Keefe), searches (in flashback) for a reason. He finds it in a letter he receives from Melissa, after her death. In this, she asks Marshall to take revenge on her lover, philandering musician Larry Shaw (Vernon Greeves), who caused her such pain he made life not worth living. Marshall hires criminal mastermind, Karnak (Anton Diffring), an avid philatelist. He promises him a rare stamp in exchange for planning the torturous murder of Larry Shaw. Meanwhile, Marshall's loyal secretary, Katie Whiteside (Ann Sears), attempts to calm her boss's obsessive desires for vengeance. Matters become additionally complicated however, when Karnak targets the wrong man.",year old melissa collins eileen elton commits suicide guardian domineering american newspaper publisher william t marshall dennis o keefe searches flashback reason letter receives melissa death marshall revenge lover philandering musician larry shaw vernon greeves caused such pain made life worth living marshall hires criminal mastermind karnak anton diffring avid philatelist promises rare stamp exchange planning torturous murder larry shaw marshall loyal secretary katie whiteside ann sears attempts calm boss obsessive desires vengeance matters become additionally complicated karnak targets wrong,crime,drama
"Jimmy Smigelski, living near the docks of Brooklyn, is quick to help when a neighborhood girl, Della, and her little brother are menaced by some thugs. Joe Brindo, a racketeer Jimmy's honest father Pete blames for an incident that crippled him, is impressed by Jimmy and takes him under his wing. Jimmy is caught in a rivalry between two local gangs. He also is asked to testify at a trial, angering his father when the outcome benefits the gangster. Jimmy eventually changes his ways and ends up working in his father's print shop.",jimmy smigelski living near docks brooklyn quick neighborhood girl della little brother menaced thugs joe brindo racketeer jimmy honest pete blames incident crippled impressed jimmy under wing jimmy caught rivalry local gangs asked testify trial angering outcome benefits gangster jimmy changes ways ends working print shop,crime,action
"In Ireland in 1892, Joseph Donnelly's family home is burned down by his landlord's men because of unpaid rent. Joseph's father just died and made a promise to his father that he will run his own land someday. Joseph unsuccessfully attempts to kill the landlord, Mr. Christie. Instead Joseph injures himself, and Mrs. Christie and their daughter Shannon nurse him back to health with the intent of hanging him. Joseph meets Shannon, who rebels against family tradition and plans to run away from home, board a ship, and claim free land in America. She offers to take Joseph with her as her servant so she, a single woman, can travel without scandal. Joseph's doesn't believe her and refuses to travel with Shannon. Joseph plans to duel Christie's foreman, Stephen Chase-- he is the man who set fire to the Donnelly family home. Christie meets Joseph before the duel, and tells him that he had nothing do with Joseph's family's eviction or that of any of the other tenant farmers, since the land is managed by Chase. The duel begins, and Chase is very close to shooting Joseph, but Shannon dashes in with her horse and buggy, rescuing Joseph at the last moment. Together on a ship bound for America, Shannon meets Mr. McGuire, who tells her and Joseph about America's arable free land in Oklahoma, informing them that once they get to America, they must head out by train to Oklahoma and race everyone else for a claim to stake. Shannon divulges that her collection of valuable silver spoons will cover all expenses to get the pair to Oklahoma, and McGuire offers to help her find a shop to sell them to once they arrive in America. On arriving in Boston, McGuire is shot, and Shannon's spoons fall out of his clothing and get snatched up by passersby. Joseph rescues her, but not the spoons. Soon the two immigrants are introduced to Mike Kelly, a Boston ward boss, and an Irish-American himself. Kelly finds Joseph and Shannon jobs, and a room to rent in a brothel, which they must share. To avoid scandal, Joseph says Shannon is his sister. Because they are working-class people, it would be dangerous for their fellow Irish immigrants to find out about her privileged background. As the pair continues to share a room, Joseph and Shannon become attracted to each other, but both keep up a front of indifference. One night, Joseph rushes out to Boss Kelly's club, where a bare-knuckle boxing match is underway. Joseph challenges the winner, knocks him out, and soon becomes a regular at the club to make extra cash while both he and Shannon work in a chicken-plucking plant. Back in Ireland, the Christies' house is burned down by angry tenants in the Irish Land War, so the Christies decide to emigrate to America, hoping also to find their daughter. Meanwhile Joseph discovers that Shannon has gone to Kelly's club. He discovers Shannon on stage as a burlesque dancer. He tries to cover her with his jacket, demanding that she stop dancing. The Irish men surrounding the couple beg him to fight and offer him a small fortune ($200). Shannon, who previously scorned boxing, urges him to fight, since the money would get them to Oklahoma. Joseph agrees and is winning until he notices one of his backers (a member of the city council) groping Shannon, who is sitting on his lap. Joseph pushes through the crowd to free her, but is pushed back into the ring, where his foot accidentally toes the line, but he isn't ready and his opponent lands a sucker punch, after which Joseph is defeated. In retaliation for the hundreds of dollars Joseph's boxing loss has cost Boss Kelly and his friends, Joseph is thrown out of Kelly's club. Joseph meets a policeman who shows him a photograph of Shannon, asking if he's seen her. Joseph returns to their room in the brothel to find Kelly and his thugs searching their room for the money he and Shannon saved. Kelly takes their money, and Joseph and Shannon are thrown out into the streets, homeless. Cold and famished, the pair enter a seemingly abandoned and luxurious house. Joseph encourages Shannon to pretend the house is hers and he is her servant, but she begs him to pretend they are married and the house is theirs. During that tender moment, the owners of the house return and chase them away, shooting Shannon in the back. Joseph, who knows the Christies are looking for her in Boston, brings Shannon to the home where they're staying. He decides Shannon will be better cared for by them, and leaves, despite his obvious feelings for her. Joseph heads west to the Ozarks. He finds work laying train track, seemingly abandoning his dream of owning land. He sees a wagon train out the door of his boxcar. Knowing it is headed for the Oklahoma land rush, Joseph abandons the railroad and joins the wagon train, arriving in Oklahoma Territory just in time for the Land Run of 1893. Joseph finds Shannon, Chase, and the Christies already in Oklahoma. Chase, having seen Joseph talking to Shannon, threatens to kill him if he goes near Shannon again. Joseph buys a horse for the land rush, but the horse dies in a few hours, and he is forced to ride an unruly horse he manages to tame. He discovers that Chase has cheated by illegally inspecting the territory before the race, and is headed for the extremely desirable land he found. On this other horse, Joseph quickly outpaces everybody and catches up with Shannon and Chase. Joseph is ready to plant his claim flag, but Chase rushes on horseback at Joseph. A fight breaks out, with Joseph falling and crushed by the horse. Shannon runs to his side and rejects Chase when he questions her actions. Joseph professes his love for Shannon. Joseph passed out a little and was revived. They both drive the land stake into the ground and claim their prize land before the other settlers get there.",ireland joseph donnelly family home burned landlord men unpaid rent joseph died made promise run land someday joseph unsuccessfully attempts kill landlord mr christie instead joseph injures mrs christie daughter shannon nurse health intent hanging joseph meets shannon rebels against family tradition plans run home board ship claim free land america offers joseph servant single woman travel without scandal joseph believe refuses travel shannon joseph plans duel christie foreman stephen chase set fire donnelly family home christie meets joseph duel nothing do joseph family eviction or any tenant farmers since land managed chase duel chase very close shooting joseph shannon dashes horse buggy rescuing joseph last moment together ship bound america shannon meets mr mcguire joseph america arable free land oklahoma informing once america must head train oklahoma race everyone else claim stake shannon divulges collection valuable silver spoons cover expenses pair oklahoma mcguire offers find shop sell once arrive america arriving boston mcguire shot shannon spoons fall clothing snatched passersby joseph rescues spoons immigrants introduced mike kelly boston ward boss irish american kelly joseph shannon jobs room rent brothel must share avoid scandal joseph says shannon sister working class people would dangerous fellow irish immigrants find privileged background pair continues share room joseph shannon become attracted each keep front indifference night joseph rushes boss kelly club bare knuckle boxing match underway joseph challenges winner knocks regular club extra cash shannon work chicken plucking plant ireland christies burned angry tenants irish land war christies decide emigrate america hoping find daughter joseph discovers shannon gone kelly club discovers shannon stage burlesque dancer cover jacket demanding stop dancing irish men surrounding couple beg fight offer small fortune shannon previously scorned boxing urges fight since money would oklahoma joseph agrees winning until notices backers member city council groping shannon sitting lap joseph pushes crowd free pushed ring foot accidentally toes line ready opponent lands sucker punch joseph defeated retaliation hundreds dollars joseph boxing loss cost boss kelly friends joseph thrown kelly club joseph meets policeman shows photograph shannon asking seen joseph returns room brothel find kelly thugs searching room money shannon saved kelly money joseph shannon thrown streets homeless cold famished pair enter seemingly abandoned luxurious joseph encourages shannon pretend hers servant begs pretend married theirs tender moment owners return chase shooting shannon joseph knows christies looking boston brings shannon home staying decides shannon better cared leaves despite obvious feelings joseph heads west ozarks work laying train track seemingly abandoning dream owning land sees wagon train door boxcar knowing headed oklahoma land rush joseph abandons railroad joins wagon train arriving oklahoma territory time land run joseph shannon chase christies already oklahoma chase seen joseph talking shannon threatens kill near shannon joseph buys horse land rush horse dies few hours forced ride unruly horse manages tame discovers chase cheated illegally inspecting territory race headed extremely desirable land found horse joseph quickly outpaces everybody catches shannon chase joseph ready plant claim flag chase rushes horseback joseph fight breaks joseph falling crushed horse shannon runs side rejects chase questions actions joseph professes love shannon joseph passed little revived drive land stake ground claim prize land settlers,drama,western
"Pamela Dickson (Sally Ann Howes) is about to get married to her fiancé Joe Trent (Nigel Buchanan), when her long-lost father (Guy Rolfe) arrives. Ostensibly a cad, he turns out to be just the opposite, so she immediately puts her own plans on hold to arrange a reconciliation between her father and mother (Nora Swinburne) before marrying her beloved Joe.",pamela dickson sally ann howes married fianc joe trent nigel buchanan long lost guy rolfe arrives ostensibly cad turns opposite immediately puts plans hold arrange reconciliation mother nora swinburne marrying beloved joe,comedy,drama
"Enemy saboteurs infiltrate the industrial suburbs of London, intending to disable three power stations in London and five other stations elsewhere, all strategically located throughout the UK. Their motive is to cripple the British economy and enable subversive forces to insinuate themselves into government. The saboteurs are thwarted, not by counterintelligence agents, but by workaday London police officers.",enemy saboteurs infiltrate industrial suburbs london intending disable three power stations london five stations elsewhere strategically located throughout uk motive cripple british economy enable subversive forces insinuate themselves government saboteurs thwarted counterintelligence agents workaday london police officers,crime,action
During the First World War a group of British soldiers serving on the Western Front stage a comic performance of the play East Lynne to entertain their comrades.,world war group british soldiers serving western front stage comic performance play east lynne entertain comrades,comedy,drama
"In 1996, Annie is on the train to London to spend the weekend with Hannah, her flatmate when at polytechnic (the Polytechnic of North London) six years earlier.[1] Hannah laments about her alcoholic mother, and Annie talks about her mother's search for a new boyfriend. Annie, who still lives with her mother, admires Hannah's independence. In contrast, Hannah laments being forced to be independent since she was a child. Back in 1986, Hannah and Claire interview and accept Annie into their flat. Annie and Hannah discuss getting rid of Claire the next year. Hannah and Annie discuss how Hannah hasn't cried since she was eight, when her parents split up. Annie, whose parents also divorced when she was eight, says she cries all the time. The following year, Ricky Burton, a socially awkward stutterer, has temporarily moved in with Hannah and Annie after being kicked out by his landlord. While discussing psychological traits with them in a pub, Ricky's untactful probing angers Hannah. While Ricky visits the Chinese takeaway beneath the flat, Annie and Hannah discuss the argument and how Ricky fancies Annie. In another memory, Ricky drunkenly confesses his love for Annie, but Annie says she's in love with someone else. Ricky leaves and doesn't reappear, so Hannah and Annie travel to his grandmother's home in Hartlepool. She tells them that Ricky has gone out, possibly along the seafront, so they go to look for him there. In the present, Annie accompanies Hannah as she looks for a flat to buy. One flat is owned by a Mr Evans, whose flat contains a painting of his naked ex-girlfriend and pornographic magazines. Evans hits on Hannah and offers both women alcoholic drinks. They run out of the flat making excuses, and are still laughing as they drive off. At the next flat, Adrian Spinks, an estate agent, meets them. Annie realises he is an old college boyfriend, but Adrian says he doesn't recognise them. In between their conversations, flashbacks show Hannah and Annie's history with Adrian. After meeting him at a club, Hannah takes Adrian home and sleeps with him. The following morning, he walks into Annie's room and tries to chat her up. In other flashbacks, Annie tells Adrian about a recurring sexual fantasy. Later, they kiss and discuss why he split up with his ex-girlfriend: Adrian says he didn't want the commitment, and leaves when Annie asks why. In the present, Hannah and Annie learn that Adrian is married with a child. At a Chinese restaurant, Annie and Hannah discuss how they have changed since university and wonder what happened to Ricky. Annie says she hadn't stopped thinking about Adrian for ten years. Hannah says she was hurt by the situation back then but said she didn't say anything because she knew that Annie was in love with him. In a flashback, Annie and Hannah cry and hug as they pack, preparing to leave their flat at the end of their four years at university. At the present-day dinner, Hannah recalls being overwhelmed upon meeting Annie's kind family, as opposed to her own dysfunctional family. They see their old flatmate Claire jogging, and discuss the coincidence of seeing two old acquaintances in one afternoon. They decide to visit their old flat, and there spot Ricky sitting on the steps outside the Chinese takeaway, holding a toy elephant. He seems angry and delirious, and tells them he arrived from Hartlepool the previous day. He says the toy is for his son, but the mother won't admit that the child is his. He tells them that his grandmother died, and, when Annie asks where he lives, responds that they don't care. They leave. In a flashback to their visit to Hartlepool, they find Ricky by the sea. They ask how he is and he shouts and swears at them that he doesn't care. They chase after him and he screams at them to leave him alone. In the present, they return to the railway station, where they say goodbye to one another.",annie train london spend weekend hannah flatmate polytechnic polytechnic north london six years earlier hannah laments alcoholic mother annie talks mother search boyfriend annie lives mother admires hannah independence contrast hannah laments forced independent since child hannah claire interview accept annie flat annie hannah discuss getting rid claire year hannah annie discuss how hannah cried since eight parents split annie whose parents divorced eight says cries time following year ricky burton socially awkward stutterer temporarily moved hannah annie kicked landlord discussing psychological traits pub ricky untactful probing angers hannah ricky visits chinese takeaway beneath flat annie hannah discuss argument how ricky fancies annie memory ricky drunkenly confesses love annie annie says love someone else ricky leaves reappear hannah annie travel grandmother home hartlepool ricky gone possibly along seafront look present annie accompanies hannah looks flat buy flat owned mr evans whose flat contains painting naked ex girlfriend pornographic magazines evans hits hannah offers women alcoholic drinks run flat making excuses laughing drive flat adrian spinks estate agent meets annie realises old college boyfriend adrian says recognise conversations flashbacks show hannah annie history adrian meeting club hannah adrian home sleeps following morning walks annie room chat flashbacks annie adrian recurring sexual fantasy kiss discuss why split ex girlfriend adrian says did want commitment leaves annie why present hannah annie learn adrian married child chinese restaurant annie hannah discuss how changed since university wonder happened ricky annie says stopped thinking adrian ten years hannah says hurt situation said did say anything knew annie love flashback annie hannah cry hug pack preparing leave flat end four years university present day dinner hannah recalls overwhelmed upon meeting annie kind family opposed dysfunctional family see old flatmate claire jogging discuss coincidence seeing old acquaintances afternoon decide visit old flat spot ricky sitting steps outside chinese takeaway holding toy elephant seems angry delirious arrived hartlepool previous day says toy son mother wo admit child grandmother died annie lives responds do care leave flashback visit hartlepool find ricky sea ask how shouts swears care chase screams leave alone present return railway station say goodbye,drama,comedy
"Ching Fong-Tin (Sammo Hung) goes to Russia to steal goods from the Russian soldiers. Unfortunately he is caught and the soldiers make him strip his clothes down to his underwear. They force him to wear a brassiere and the head of a mop as a wig, and he is made to dance for their amusement. However, he makes his escape, grabbing his grenades as he goes, and throws one into the cabin. Fook Loi (Kenny Bee) catches Ching and lectures him about his crimes. Ching tries to escape, but in the scuffle, he and Fook end up rolling into a snowball. In the final moments after they both got out of the snowball, Fook tries to look for Ching and is taken by surprise when he jumps down from a tree, grabs his clothes and rushes off back to his hometown. Bandits dressed in police uniforms (Eric Tsang, Yuen Wah, Lam Ching Ying, Wu Ma and Mang Hoi) set fire to a large building. Tsao Cheuk Kin (Yuen Biao) and his fire team race to the scene and save a fat lady and a blind woman. While the fire rages, the bandits rob the town bank, but the manager manages to alert the townfolk before they can escape and two of the bandits are jailed. With the loss of money stolen by the bandits, Mayor Yi (Woo Fung) gives a negative speech. In contrast, Tsao encourages the townfolk and he is given the job of mayor and head of the town's security. Ching and his assistant move from a hotel to his home town, arriving with a car full of women (Olivia Cheng, Rosumand Kwan, Emily Chu). Ching's ambition is to get money into the town, so his hotel is cleaned up and redressed. A train is due to pass, carrying numerous passengers, including some criminals and some Japanese ninja (Yasuaki Kurata, Yukari Oshima, Hwang Jang Lee). In order to bring custom to his hotel, Ching hatches a plan to force the train to stop at the town, by blowing up the tracks with dynamite. He heads towards the railway station on his motorcycle and sidecar, but is chased away by Tsao riding on horseback. Ching swings a tree branch, which knocks Tsao from his horse. Ching takes the horse and rides the rest of the way. As he prepares the dynamite, Ching is discovered, and ends up fighting with Tsao. After winning, Ching continues to wait for the train. As the train travels through the country, passenger Han (Richard Ng) sneaks back and forth on roof of the train between his fat wife (Lydia Shum) and his beautiful mistress. The bandits from the town try to board the train. The first bandit (Eric Tsang), with his body covered in magnets inadvertently gets stuck to the train, whilst the second bandit (Lam Ching Ying) using the rope to climb aboard. However, instead of lassoing the train, his rope catches Han, who is forced to hang on for dear life, whilst the bandit runs alongside the train. The remaining bandits struggle with a cart, but finally manage to get on board. When the train reaches the station, Ching blows the dynamite, derailing the train. As Ching had planned, the passengers spend time in his home town awaiting the train's repair. In the hotel, the criminals devise a plan to get into the room housing Han's mistress, posing as Japanese tourists. Unfortunately they don't don't know the language, and are forced to hide when the train captain (Billy Lau) and his mistress enter the room. After the train captain goes into the bathroom, the bad guys try to sneak out quietly, but soon have to hide again. Han climbs down the hotel roof, inadvertently scaring the train captain's mistress. The commotion alerts his wife, who accuses him of cheating. To explain the situation, he claims that he is actually an agent spying on the Japanese, and the bad guys use this excuse to come out of hiding. When Ching asks Chi (Rosamund Kwan) to distract Tsao she comes with all sorts of things most of them saying that she loves him. Tsao then tells Chi that he's busy and can't dream with her and leaves. Chi captures up with him and asks him not to go and Tsao swings his hat to the side and takes Chi into his hands and starts snogging her. Tsao then says something that makes Chi want to kiss him more.When Chi wants to kiss him more he signals his helpers to take his place and unfortunately Chi opens her eyes and runs away. Fook Loi returns from Russia and uses Tsao to capture Ching and put him into jail. At night, Siu-Hon (Olivia Cheng) and her group of ladies free Ching and allow him to make up his mind. The rest of the bad guys arrive on horseback, storming the town and capturing the Japanese ninja. After Ching makes up his mind, he comes back to his hometown and free the bandits, plus Fook, Tsao and Siu-Hon. He decides to turf the bad guys out of town, beginning by using a chaingun, and later using martial arts. A huge fight breaks out, until the bad guys are dealt with and Ching and Tsao finally take back the map from the Japanese.",ching fong tin sammo hung russia steal goods russian soldiers unfortunately caught soldiers strip clothes underwear force wear brassiere head mop wig made dance amusement makes escape grabbing grenades throws cabin fook loi kenny bee catches ching lectures crimes ching escape scuffle fook end rolling snowball final moments got snowball fook look ching taken surprise jumps tree grabs clothes rushes hometown bandits dressed police uniforms eric tsang yuen wah lam ching ying wu ma mang hoi set fire large building tsao cheuk kin yuen biao fire team race scene save fat lady blind woman fire rages bandits rob town bank manager manages alert townfolk escape bandits jailed loss money stolen bandits mayor yi woo fung gives negative speech contrast tsao encourages townfolk given job mayor head town security ching assistant move hotel home town arriving car full women olivia cheng rosumand kwan emily chu ching ambition money town hotel cleaned redressed train due pass carrying numerous passengers including criminals japanese ninja yasuaki kurata yukari oshima hwang jang lee order bring custom hotel ching hatches plan force train stop town blowing tracks dynamite heads towards railway station motorcycle sidecar chased tsao riding horseback ching swings tree branch knocks tsao horse ching horse rides rest prepares dynamite ching discovered ends fighting tsao winning ching continues wait train train travels country passenger han richard ng sneaks forth roof train fat wife lydia shum beautiful mistress bandits town try board train bandit eric tsang body covered magnets inadvertently stuck train whilst second bandit lam ching ying using rope climb aboard instead lassoing train rope catches han forced hang dear life whilst bandit runs alongside train remaining bandits struggle cart finally manage board train reaches station ching blows dynamite derailing train ching planned passengers spend time home town awaiting train repair hotel criminals devise plan room housing han mistress posing japanese tourists unfortunately do do know language forced hide train captain billy lau mistress enter room train captain bathroom bad guys try sneak quietly hide han climbs hotel roof inadvertently scaring train captain mistress commotion alerts wife accuses cheating explain situation claims actually agent spying japanese bad guys use excuse hiding ching chi rosamund kwan distract tsao sorts things most saying loves tsao chi busy dream leaves chi captures tsao swings hat side chi hands starts snogging tsao says something makes chi want kiss chi wants kiss signals helpers place unfortunately chi opens eyes runs fook loi returns russia uses tsao capture ching put jail night siu hon olivia cheng group ladies free ching allow mind rest bad guys arrive horseback storming town capturing japanese ninja ching makes mind hometown free bandits plus fook tsao siu hon decides turf bad guys town beginning using chaingun using martial arts huge fight breaks until bad guys dealt ching tsao finally map japanese,action,comedy
"Chi-yan (Gao Yuanyuan) is an analyst who just broke up with her boyfriend (Terence Yin) as he was having a baby with another woman (Selena Li). Sean (Louis Koo), a CEO of a broker firm, knows Chi-yan as her office is just opposite of his. He liked Chi-yan, and starts to take action when he sees what happened in the bus between Chi-yan, her ex, and his current wife. Kevin (Daniel Wu), an architect and an alcoholic, helped Chi-yan out when she was heartbroken about her ex. With Chi Yan's support Kevin decides to pick up designing again, and arrange meet up with her again a week later. Chi-yan forgets about it when she starts flirting with Sean. She and Sean arrange to meet on the night Chi-yan is supposed to meet Kevin. Sean goes to clear up a misunderstanding with a woman named Angelina, which leads to a one-night stand. Chi-yan is left waiting for Sean and Kevin is waiting for Chi-yan. When Chi-yan find out what Sean did she ends their relationship. Sean later leaves his office when the economy crisis causes his company to lose a large sum of money and goes to the US. Three years later, Sean comes back into Chi-yan's life as her new boss. He tries to win her heart again, but she is put off because he is easily seduced by women. When Chi-yan is becoming disappointed Sean, Kevin also comes back into her life. After their last meeting, he successfully started an architecture firm and moves to where Sean's old office was located. Both guys court her and she must choose between the aggressive flower-hearted Sean or the sincere Kevin.",chi yan gao yuanyuan analyst broke boyfriend terence yin baby woman selena li sean louis koo ceo broker firm knows chi yan office opposite liked chi yan starts action sees happened bus chi yan ex current wife kevin daniel wu architect alcoholic helped chi yan heartbroken ex chi yan support kevin decides pick designing arrange meet week chi yan forgets starts flirting sean sean arrange meet night chi yan supposed meet kevin sean clear misunderstanding woman named angelina leads night stand chi yan left waiting sean kevin waiting chi yan chi yan find sean did ends relationship sean leaves office economy crisis causes company lose large sum money us three years sean chi yan life boss win heart put easily seduced women chi yan becoming disappointed sean kevin life last meeting successfully started architecture firm moves sean old office located guys court must choose aggressive flower hearted sean or sincere kevin,romance,comedy
"In the Middle Ages, a Norwegian invasion of Scotland is suppressed by Macbeth, Thane of Glamis, and Banquo. A rebel, the Thane of Cawdor, is captured, and King Duncan decrees Macbeth shall be awarded the title of Cawdor. Macbeth and Banquo do not hear of this news; when out riding, they happen upon Three Witches, who hail Macbeth as Thane of Cawdor and future King, and Banquo as lesser and greater. At their camp, nobles arrive and inform Macbeth he has been named the Thane of Cawdor, with Macbeth simultaneously awed and frightened at the prospect of usurping Duncan, in further fulfilment of the prophecy. He writes a letter to Lady Macbeth, who is delighted at the news. However, she fears her husband has too much good nature, and vows to be cruel for him. Duncan names his eldest son, Malcolm, Prince of Cumberland, and thus heir apparent, to the displeasure of Macbeth and Malcolm's brother Donalbain. The royal family and nobles then spend the night at Macbeth's castle, with Lady Macbeth greeting the King and dancing with him with duplicity. Urged on by his wife, Macbeth steps into King Duncan's chambers after she has drugged the guards. Duncan wakes and utters Macbeth's name, but Macbeth stabs him to death. He then murders the guards. Fearing a conspiracy, Malcolm and Donalbain flee to England and Ireland, and the Thane of Ross realises Macbeth will be king. An opportunistic courtier, he hails Macbeth at Scone, while the noble Macduff heads back to his home in Fife. When Macbeth begins to fear possible usurpation by Banquo and his son Fleance, he sends two murderers to kill them, and then sends Ross as the mysterious Third Murderer. Banquo is killed, while Fleance escapes. After Banquo appears at a banquet as a ghost, Macbeth seeks out the witches, who are performing a nude ritual. The witches and the spirits they summon deceive Macbeth into thinking he is invincible, as he cannot be killed except by a man not born of woman, and will not be defeated until Birnam Wood comes to Dunsinane. After Macduff flees to England, Ross leaves Fife's castle doors open, so Macbeth's murderers can kill Lady Macduff and the rest of the family and servants. With nobles fleeing Scotland, Macbeth chooses a new Thane of Cawdor, bestowing the title on Seyton over Ross. Disappointed, Ross joins Malcolm and Macduff in England, where the English King has committed forces led by Siward to overthrowing Macbeth and installing Malcolm on the Scottish throne. The English forces invade, covering themselves by cutting down trees and holding them in front of their army. When the forces storm the castle, Macduff confronts Macbeth, and during the sword fight, Macduff reveals he was delivered by Caesarean section. Macduff beheads Macbeth, and Ross presents the crown to Malcolm. Meanwhile, Donalbain, out riding, encounters the witches.",middle ages norwegian invasion scotland suppressed macbeth thane glamis banquo rebel thane cawdor captured king duncan decrees macbeth shall awarded title cawdor macbeth banquo do hear news riding happen upon three witches hail macbeth thane cawdor future king banquo lesser greater camp nobles arrive inform macbeth named thane cawdor macbeth simultaneously awed frightened prospect usurping duncan further fulfilment prophecy writes letter lady macbeth delighted news fears husband too much good nature vows cruel duncan names eldest son malcolm prince cumberland thus heir apparent displeasure macbeth malcolm brother donalbain royal family nobles spend night macbeth castle lady macbeth greeting king dancing duplicity urged wife macbeth steps king duncan chambers drugged guards duncan wakes utters macbeth name macbeth stabs death murders guards fearing conspiracy malcolm donalbain flee england ireland thane ross realises macbeth king opportunistic courtier hails macbeth scone noble macduff heads home fife macbeth fear possible usurpation banquo son fleance sends murderers kill sends ross mysterious third murderer banquo killed fleance escapes banquo appears banquet ghost macbeth seeks witches performing nude ritual witches spirits summon deceive macbeth thinking invincible cannot killed except born woman defeated until birnam wood dunsinane macduff flees england ross leaves fife castle doors open macbeth murderers kill lady macduff rest family servants nobles fleeing scotland macbeth chooses thane cawdor bestowing title seyton ross disappointed ross joins malcolm macduff england english king committed forces led siward overthrowing macbeth installing malcolm scottish throne english forces invade covering themselves cutting trees holding front army forces storm castle macduff confronts macbeth sword fight macduff reveals delivered caesarean section macduff beheads macbeth ross presents crown malcolm donalbain riding encounters witches,drama,horror
"Evan Danielson (Eddie Murphy) is a very successful financial advisor, who had been working at the same securities firm for eight years as their top account manager, that is until Johnny Whitefeather (Thomas Haden Church) was hired as his rival. Whitefeather seems to have the whole company under some spell as he spiels his nonsensical idioms filled with Native American mumbo jumbo. These top executives seem more content with chanting Indian style noises rather than listen to how they can make money through sound investments. When Evan finally discovers that his daughter, Olivia (Yara Shahidi), is somehow able to tell the future within the financial world by using her 'goo-gaa' comfort blanket and her imaginary friends (Queen Qwali and Princesses Kupida, Sopida and Mopida), he discovers he has an invaluable upper hand now at the office. In order for Evan to ask these imaginary friends any question he must travel through the imaginary world, through a dense forest, past a dragon, through caves, and even walk through France. Before, Evan who is a part-time father really had no time for his daughter, now is forced to play with her and by her rules. After only a couple of days with her, he rediscovers the inner child within himself and genuinely has a lot of fun playing these imaginary games with Olivia. Whitefeather becomes suspicious and begins to search for Evan's secret. When he finds out that Evan was just playing with a blanket, he purchases a six thousand dollar blanket and forces his son to tell him the future and making him extremely hyperactive by making him drink many cans of Red Bull. Whitefeather and Evan are now competing for the position of heading the Western division of the company D.D.E. In order to be prepared for the most important presentation of his life, Evan must once again invoke the use of the Goo-Gaa blanket and meet up with the princesses. The only problem is that Olivia is spending the night at her friends house, and there is no way for Evan to obtain the Goo-Gaa without taking it from her. Also, the presentations will be held on the day of Olivia's class play. Evan manages to get Olivia to give him the Goo-Gaa, but she is soon seen crying because he seems to care only about the blanket, not her. Evan returns home and tries to get the princesses' attention. Evan then starts working on his presentation. As hours pass, he stretches, and the Goo-Gaa falls on the floor, but he continues working without noticing. Evan decides to go to the presentation instead of Olivia's class concert. Johnny gives his presentation, but his idea is too crazy for the owner of the company. Then it's Evan's turn. When he is about to present, he suddenly decides to go to Olivia's class concert, and leaves the presentation. As he drives over, he changes into a king costume. Back at the class concert, Olivia is about to sing her solo part, then all of a sudden Evan appears dressed as a king, and Olivia starts singing, delighted to see him. After the class concert, Evan starts talking to Olivia about how sorry he is for misusing her blanket, not caring about her, and for using the princesses for the wrong reason. Meanwhile, the owner of the company, D.D.E. appears, and wants to talk to Evan. He and Evan talk, and he decides to give the position to Evan because of how much Evan cares about his family. Evan accepts. Evan goes back to Olivia, for whom it is time to say good-bye to the princesses. They both start waving, and as a gust of wind blows, some leaves form into the shape of a person then fly off into the sky. Evan, Olivia's mother, and Olivia leave happy.",evan danielson eddie murphy very successful financial advisor working same securities firm eight years top account manager until johnny whitefeather thomas haden church hired rival whitefeather seems whole company under spell spiels nonsensical idioms filled native american mumbo jumbo these top executives seem content chanting indian style noises rather than listen how money sound investments evan finally discovers daughter olivia yara shahidi somehow able tell future within financial world using goo gaa comfort blanket imaginary friends queen qwali princesses kupida sopida mopida discovers invaluable upper hand office order evan ask these imaginary friends any question must travel imaginary world dense forest past dragon caves even walk france evan part time really time daughter forced play rules couple days rediscovers inner child within genuinely lot fun playing these imaginary games olivia whitefeather suspicious search evan secret evan playing blanket purchases six thousand dollar blanket forces son tell future making extremely hyperactive making drink many cans red bull whitefeather evan competing position heading western division company d d e order prepared most important presentation life evan must once invoke use goo gaa blanket meet princesses problem olivia spending night friends evan obtain goo gaa without taking presentations held day olivia class play evan manages olivia give goo gaa seen crying seems care blanket evan returns home princesses attention evan starts working presentation hours pass stretches goo gaa falls floor continues working without noticing evan decides presentation instead olivia class concert johnny gives presentation idea too crazy owner company evan turn present suddenly decides olivia class concert leaves presentation drives changes king costume class concert olivia sing solo part sudden evan appears dressed king olivia starts singing delighted see class concert evan starts talking olivia how sorry misusing blanket caring using princesses wrong reason owner company d d e appears wants talk evan evan talk decides give position evan how much evan cares family evan accepts evan olivia whom time say good bye princesses start waving gust wind blows leaves form shape person fly sky evan olivia mother olivia leave happy,comedy,drama
"After murdering his father, wealthy Vincent Towers decides to fake his own death. He plants a car bomb in an attempt to kill a nearly identical half-brother, Clay Arlington, after persuading Arlington to switch identities with him. Arlington survives, but requires facial reconstruction and also has lost most of his memory. Dr. Renee Descartes is there during his recovery. Towers resurfaces and tries once more to eliminate him, but is killed himself. Arlington makes a decision to make his new identity a permanent one.",murdering wealthy vincent towers decides fake death plants car bomb attempt kill nearly identical half brother clay arlington persuading arlington switch identities arlington survives requires facial reconstruction lost most memory dr renee descartes recovery towers resurfaces once eliminate killed arlington makes decision identity permanent,drama,action
"World War II is over, and Nazi officials remove Adolf Hitler's living head and hide it in the fictional South American country of Mandoras, so that they can resurrect the Third Reich for the future. Fast forwarding into the 1960s, the surviving officials kidnap a scientist in an attempt to keep Hitler alive. Various intelligence agencies, aware of the evil plot, recruit secret agents to bust the Nazi officials.",world war ii nazi officials remove adolf hitler living head hide fictional south american country mandoras resurrect third reich future fast forwarding s surviving officials kidnap scientist attempt keep hitler alive various intelligence agencies aware evil plot recruit secret agents bust nazi officials,sci-fi,action
The plot follows the story of an unsuccessful poet who is deemed as useless by the society.,plot follows story unsuccessful poet deemed useless society,romance,drama
"As described in film publications,[2][3] Janie (Gish) gets married with the goal of reforming her husband Jack (Rennie), but he still has the eyes for other women. He promises to reform, but says he is ashamed because she lacks the style of a flapper. All goes well until he meets a pretty woman with a heavy suitcase. He helps her into a taxi cab and takes her home. Janie sees him as she rides by on a bus. That affair gets him into wrong, but he manages to square it with his wife. Then a good looking manicure girl comes into his life, and again Jack falls. Once again Janie is on the job at the psychological moment. This time she leaves him in haste and goes home to her mother. Janie tries to forget Jack by taking a job in her father's office. Jack, who loves her sincerely, is filled with remorse and despair. He calls upon her to beg her forgiveness and, since she still loves him, she yields. But when he attempts to lay down the law to her, she presses a button on her desk and he finds himself being escorted from the office. He threatens suicide, and this is too much for Janie. She comes back to him and they live together happily.",described film publications janie gish married goal reforming husband jack rennie eyes women promises reform says ashamed lacks style flapper well until meets pretty woman heavy suitcase helps taxi cab home janie sees rides bus affair wrong manages square wife good looking manicure girl life jack falls once janie job psychological moment time leaves haste home mother janie forget jack taking job office jack loves sincerely filled remorse despair calls upon beg forgiveness since loves yields attempts lay law presses button desk escorted office threatens suicide too much janie live together happily,comedy,romance
"The cliffhanger ending of the 1991 Dallas series finale is resolved. The gunshot J.R. Ewing (Larry Hagman) fired was at the mirror, not himself (despite there being no sound of shattered glass when he pulled the trigger). Several years later, J.R. is in Europe, while Bobby Ewing (Patrick Duffy) lives at Southfork alone with his son Christopher (Christopher Demetral), happily out of the oil business, and Cliff Barnes (Ken Kercheval) now owns Ewing Oil. Bobby, conscious of the fact that Southfork is now almost empty, considers selling it. Meanwhile, Cliff decides to sell Ewing Oil to Weststar Oil, a giant oil conglomerate headed by J.R.'s other nemesis, Carter McKay (George Kennedy). J.R. hears this and decides to try to regain his position. He appeals to Bobby to get back in business together and buy Ewing Oil back but is rebuffed. J.R. arranges for Afton (Audrey Landers) to be put in a sanitarium so Cliff can't find her. J.R. learns of a provision in Jock Ewing's will where Jock left J.R.'s son, John Ross (Omri Katz), stock in the computer company Cyberbyte. The provision states that John Ross is only to receive this stock upon the death of his father. Since John Ross is unaware of his inheritance, J.R. decides to sell some of this stock and buy shares to take over Weststar. He sells the stock portfolio and buys a controlling stake in Weststar Oil. To cover his tracks, J.R. rebuys the stock and reinstates the provision, saying that if anyone finds out about the incident, he will claim that they were released to John Ross Ewing, Jr. (J.R.) instead of his son (full name John Ross Ewing III) in a clerical error. To set this in motion, he fakes his death and has his attorney accidentally put the shares in his name instead of his son's. Bobby holds a memorial service, with John Ross and Sue Ellen (Linda Gray) attending and Cliff in quiet celebration, believing he's won the ultimate victory over J.R. until J.R. returns to Southfork. He claims to have been kidnapped and escaped. Sly is disgusted and resigns as J.R's assistant. J.R. is the majority shareholder in Weststar, and he uses that clout to force McKay to back out of buying Ewing Oil. After being sent a letter notifying him of his daughter's whereabouts, Cliff decided that finding his family is more important than beating J.R., but Bobby figured out a way that Cliff can have both, and he bought Ewing Oil. Bobby later realizes that he was tricked back into the oil business by J.R., who knew getting Bobby off Southfork would force him not to sell. J.R. maneuvered the board to remove McKay as Chairman of Weststar and for himself to take his place. An unhappy Bobby sells half of the company to his new partner, Sue Ellen. A drunken and bitter Sly (Deborah Rennard) had tipped off Sue Ellen that J.R. faked his own death. Sue Ellen suspected this all along and felt that J.R needed to be taught a lesson. Cliff, meanwhile, greets Afton and their daughter Pamela (Deborah Kellner) outside the sanitarium, and they leave to be a family. In the last scene, John Ross asks J.R. why he is smiling even though he lost Ewing Oil to Bobby and Sue Ellen. J.R. points out that Bobby is back in the oil business and is no longer going to sell Southfork. Sue Ellen is back at Southfork to stay, and John Ross will remain in Dallas to learn the oil business from J.R. John Ross realizes that his father planned everything to work out this way. JR's last words are, You see, John Ross? You're learning already.",cliffhanger ending dallas series finale resolved gunshot j r ewing larry hagman fired mirror despite sound shattered glass pulled trigger several years j r europe bobby ewing patrick duffy lives southfork alone son christopher christopher demetral happily oil business cliff barnes ken kercheval owns ewing oil bobby conscious fact southfork almost empty considers selling cliff decides sell ewing oil weststar oil giant oil conglomerate headed j r nemesis carter mckay george kennedy j r hears decides try regain position appeals bobby business together buy ewing oil rebuffed j r arranges afton audrey landers put sanitarium cliff find j r learns provision jock ewing jock left j r son john ross omri katz stock computer company cyberbyte provision states john ross receive stock upon death since john ross unaware inheritance j r decides sell stock buy shares weststar sells stock portfolio buys controlling stake weststar oil cover tracks j r rebuys stock reinstates provision saying anyone incident claim were released john ross ewing jr j r instead son full name john ross ewing iii clerical error set motion fakes death attorney accidentally put shares name instead son bobby holds memorial service john ross sue ellen linda gray attending cliff quiet celebration believing won ultimate victory j r until j r returns southfork claims kidnapped escaped sly disgusted resigns j r assistant j r majority shareholder weststar uses clout force mckay buying ewing oil sent letter notifying daughter whereabouts cliff decided finding family important than beating j r bobby figured cliff bought ewing oil bobby realizes tricked oil business j r knew getting bobby southfork would force sell j r maneuvered board remove mckay chairman weststar place unhappy bobby sells half company partner sue ellen drunken bitter sly deborah rennard tipped sue ellen j r faked death sue ellen suspected along felt j r needed taught lesson cliff greets afton daughter pamela deborah kellner outside sanitarium leave family last scene john ross j r why smiling even though lost ewing oil bobby sue ellen j r points bobby oil business longer going sell southfork sue ellen southfork stay john ross remain dallas learn oil business j r john ross realizes planned everything work jr last words you see john ross you learning already,drama,western
"In 1882, in the town of Old Stump, Arizona, a cowardly sheep farmer named Albert Stark (Seth MacFarlane) is dumped by his girlfriend Louise (Amanda Seyfried) as a result of his withdrawal from a gunfight. He prepares to leave for San Francisco, believing that the frontier offers nothing for him. Meanwhile, infamous outlaw Clinch Leatherwood (Liam Neeson) robs and kills an old prospector (Matt Clark) for a gold nugget. He orders his right-hand man Lewis (Evan Jones) to escort his wife Anna (Charlize Theron) to Old Stump to lie low while he continues his banditry. Lewis and Anna arrive in Old Stump under the guise of two siblings intending to build a farm, but Lewis is arrested after shooting the Pastor's (John Aylward) son (Dylan Kenin) in a saloon. During the ensuing fight, Albert saves Anna from being crushed to death by two of the brawlers, and the two become close friends. They attend a county fair where Louise's new boyfriend, the haughty Foy (Neil Patrick Harris), challenges Albert to a shooting contest. Albert is defeated, but Anna steps in and defeats Foy. Foy mocks Albert, who angrily challenges Foy to a duel in a week's time. Anna then spends the week teaching Albert how to shoot. During a barn dance the night before the duel, Anna slips Foy a Mickey. After leaving the dance, Albert and Anna kiss before heading home. Upon breaking out of jail and murdering the sheriff, Lewis witnesses the kiss and reports it to Clinch. On the day of the duel, Foy arrives late and goes into convulsions from the laxative he had unknowingly drunk. Albert, who has decided that Louise is not worth fighting for, once again forfeits the duel. He retires to the saloon, but Clinch arrives and demands to know who kissed his wife. When no one comes forward, Clinch shoots a nearby cowboy (Ryan Reynolds). He reveals that Anna is his wife and threatens to continue killing unless his wife's lover duels him at noon the next day. Clinch later forces Anna to reveal Albert's name and then prepares to have sex with her, but she knocks him unconscious and escapes. Anna returns to Albert's farm, where he angrily shouts at her for lying to him. Clinch pursues Anna to the farm; Albert helps her escape, then escapes himself. While fleeing, he is captured by a tribe of Apache Indians, who threaten to burn him alive. The Indians spare him when he reveals that he can speak their language. They give him a bowl of peyote, which sends him flashing back to his birth and through painful events of his childhood before making him realize that he loves Anna. Meanwhile, Clinch recaptures Anna in town, in front of Edward's (Giovanni Ribisi) house. Albert returns to Old Stump and confronts Clinch. He wounds Clinch with a bullet poisoned with rattlesnake venom before his own gun is shot out of his hand, but he manages to stall until Clinch fatally succumbs to the poison. Louise attempts to win back Albert, but he rejects her and instead happily enters a relationship with Anna. Albert also receives a bounty for killing Clinch and uses the money to buy more sheep. Later at the Fair, the proprietor of a racially charged shooting game called Runaway Slave asks who would like to take a shot. Django (Jamie Foxx) steps up and shoots the man while commenting that people die at the fair.",town old stump arizona cowardly sheep farmer named albert stark seth macfarlane dumped girlfriend louise amanda seyfried result withdrawal gunfight prepares leave san francisco believing frontier offers nothing infamous outlaw clinch leatherwood liam neeson robs kills old prospector matt clark gold nugget orders right hand lewis evan jones escort wife anna charlize theron old stump lie low continues banditry lewis anna arrive old stump under guise siblings intending build farm lewis arrested shooting pastor john aylward son dylan kenin saloon ensuing fight albert saves anna crushed death brawlers become close friends attend county fair louise boyfriend haughty foy neil patrick harris challenges albert shooting contest albert defeated anna steps defeats foy foy mocks albert angrily challenges foy duel week time anna spends week teaching albert how shoot barn dance night duel anna slips foy mickey leaving dance albert anna kiss heading home upon breaking jail murdering sheriff lewis witnesses kiss reports clinch day duel foy arrives late convulsions laxative unknowingly drunk albert decided louise worth fighting once forfeits duel retires saloon clinch arrives demands know kissed wife forward clinch shoots nearby cowboy ryan reynolds reveals anna wife threatens continue killing unless wife lover duels noon day clinch forces anna reveal albert name prepares sex knocks unconscious escapes anna returns albert farm angrily shouts lying clinch pursues anna farm albert helps escape escapes fleeing captured tribe apache indians threaten burn alive indians spare reveals speak language give bowl peyote sends flashing birth painful events childhood making realize loves anna clinch recaptures anna town front edward giovanni ribisi albert returns old stump confronts clinch wounds clinch bullet poisoned rattlesnake venom gun shot hand manages stall until clinch fatally succumbs poison louise attempts win albert rejects instead happily enters relationship anna albert receives bounty killing clinch uses money buy sheep fair proprietor racially charged shooting game called runaway slave would like shot django jamie foxx steps shoots commenting people die fair,comedy,western
"The film takes place in an isolated desert compound called Clonus, where clones are bred to be used as replacement parts for the elite, including a soon to be president-elect Jeffrey Knight (Peter Graves). The clones are kept isolated from the real world by workers of the colony, but are promised to be accepted to move to America after they have completed some type of physical training. After a group of clones are chosen to go to America, they are given a party and a farewell celebration with their fellow clones. The chosen clones are then taken to a lab where they are sedated and placed in an airtight plastic bag, and their bodies are frozen in order to preserve their organs for harvest. The story surrounds one clone (Tim Donnelly) who begins to question the circumstances of his existence and eventually escapes the colony. Pursued by compound guards, the clone enters a nearby city. The clone is found by a retired journalist (Keenan Wynn) who takes him to his sponsor, who happens to be the brother of Jeffrey Knight. Knight's brother and son argue over what to do with the clone (who is revealed to be the clone made for Richard himself). Richard's clone returns the clone to the colony to reunite with his newly developed love interest (Paulette Breen). To his horror, the clone finds that Paulette has been lobotomized by those running the island. They had used her for bait, and trap the clone, killing and freezing him. Meanwhile, Clonus completes its coverup by having hired thugs to murder both Richard and his son, and also the journalist who first discovered the clone. Knight is seemingly killed in the ensuing struggle with his brother, but reappears the next day at a press conference, where he is stunned to find that the late journalist had managed to disseminate a secret tape to the news media, exposing the Clonus project.",film place isolated desert compound called clonus clones bred used replacement parts elite including president elect jeffrey knight peter graves clones kept isolated real world workers colony promised accepted move america completed type physical training group clones chosen america given party farewell celebration fellow clones chosen clones taken lab sedated placed airtight plastic bag bodies frozen order preserve organs harvest story surrounds clone tim donnelly question circumstances existence escapes colony pursued compound guards clone enters nearby city clone found retired journalist keenan wynn sponsor happens brother jeffrey knight knight brother son argue do clone revealed clone made richard richard clone returns clone colony reunite newly developed love interest paulette breen horror clone paulette lobotomized those running island used bait trap clone killing freezing clonus completes coverup hired thugs murder richard son journalist discovered clone knight seemingly killed ensuing struggle brother reappears day press conference stunned find late journalist managed disseminate secret tape news media exposing clonus project,sci-fi,drama
"Police officer Pitt's (Wan Yeung-ming) partner Lau was killed by the triads. The case also involves the seizure of a number of pornographic photos of politicians from an earlier investigation. The murder was witnessed by chef Fat Goose (Sammo Hung), and Pitt forces him to be the eyewitness and have the killer arrested. The killer, Lam Man-fu (Tommy Wong), however, was bailed out by his lawyer Kam Tse-ping (Lam Chung) and Pitt's superior Keung (Lau Kong) also forbids him from interfering with this case. At this time, Fat Goose's house was also torched and was determined to cooperate with Pitt to tackle the triads.",police officer pitt wan yeung ming partner lau killed triads case involves seizure number pornographic photos politicians earlier investigation murder witnessed chef fat goose sammo hung pitt forces eyewitness killer arrested killer lam fu tommy wong bailed lawyer kam tse ping lam chung pitt superior keung lau kong forbids interfering case time fat goose torched determined cooperate pitt tackle triads,action,crime
"Love Actually... Sucks! was inspired by real-life events, and opens with a dramatic wedding feast. It tells a variety of stories about love that has gone wrong: a brother and sister in an illicit relationship, a married painter who falls in love with his young male life model, a dance school teacher who becomes involved with his senior student, a role-playing lesbian couple, and a complex love triangle. The film celebrates the belief that life is love.[2][3]",love actually sucks inspired real life events opens dramatic wedding feast variety stories love gone wrong brother sister illicit relationship married painter falls love young male life model dance school teacher involved senior student role playing lesbian couple complex love triangle film celebrates belief life love,drama,romance
"After having left their own world due to a loss of natural resources, the winged humanoid Nohrin settle on Jhamora with the permission of the ground-dwelling Lokni. Would-be conqueror Sedessa leads those Nohrin that believe in its own racial superiority and try to take land away from the Lokni. The parents of Delgo, a Lokni, are killed in the resulting conflict. Nohrin King Zahn is horrified by the war and admonishes Sedessa, who then poisons the Queen and almost kills Zahn as well. She is subsequently banished, and her wings are clipped off. Delgo, meanwhile, is raised by Elder Marley, who tries to teach him how to use the power of magical stones. Delgo grows up and he gives in to his desire for revenge against all Nohrin. He meets Nohrin Princess Kyla and develops a tentative friendship with her. When she is kidnapped by Nohrin General Raius, who is actually working for Sedessa, Delgo and his friend Filo are blamed and arrested. In the Nohrin prison, Delgo meets Nohrin General Bogardus, who was forced to illegally gamble with his weapons by Raius, because Bogardus opposed an all out war with the Lokni. Delgo, Filo, and Bogardus escape into some underground caverns and eventually reach Sedessa's stronghold and rescue Kyla. They return too late to avert a war taking place. Bogardus fights and defeats Raius, but he is mortally injured. Just as Bogardus dies, Delgo realizes that he was the Nohrin soldier who spared his life many years ago during the first war between the Nohrin and the Lokni. Meanwhile, Sedessa's army of monsters join in the battle. Kyla convinces the Nohrin generals to direct their troops to stop fighting the Lokni and instead pick them up and fly them away from the battlefield. Filo then directs an entire stampede of large animals onto the battlefield, sending Sedessa's minions fleeing for their lives. Delgo goes off to face Sedessa and find King Zahn, whom she has taken prisoner. He finally manages to master the stone magic, and defeats Sedessa. He also puts the past behind him by saving her rather than letting her fall to her death. However, Sedessa then attacks Kyla, who has come to Delgo's aid. The two struggle and Sedessa finally falls, injuring herself by the fall and her artificial wings being of no use. Later, during the celebrations, it turns out Raius was not dead, and he makes one last attempt to kill Delgo. He is subdued by a Nohrin, but not before he throws his spear at Delgo. Then, out of nowhere, the spear breaks in mid-air. Everyone turns to look at Filo, who has finally mastered his slingshot. Later, Delgo and Kyla's friendship blossoms into romance when they finally kiss.",left world due loss natural resources winged humanoid nohrin settle jhamora permission ground dwelling lokni would conqueror sedessa leads those nohrin believe racial superiority try land lokni parents delgo lokni killed resulting conflict nohrin king zahn horrified war admonishes sedessa poisons queen almost kills zahn well subsequently banished wings clipped delgo raised elder marley teach how use power magical stones delgo grows gives desire revenge against nohrin meets nohrin princess kyla develops tentative friendship kidnapped nohrin general raius actually working sedessa delgo friend filo blamed arrested nohrin prison delgo meets nohrin general bogardus forced illegally gamble weapons raius bogardus opposed war lokni delgo filo bogardus escape underground caverns reach sedessa stronghold rescue kyla return too late avert war taking place bogardus fights defeats raius mortally injured bogardus dies delgo realizes nohrin soldier spared life many years ago war nohrin lokni sedessa army monsters join battle kyla convinces nohrin generals direct troops stop fighting lokni instead pick fly battlefield filo directs entire stampede large animals onto battlefield sending sedessa minions fleeing lives delgo face sedessa find king zahn whom taken prisoner finally manages master stone magic defeats sedessa puts past behind saving rather than letting fall death sedessa attacks kyla delgo aid struggle sedessa finally falls injuring herself fall artificial wings use celebrations turns raius dead makes last attempt kill delgo subdued nohrin throws spear delgo nowhere spear breaks mid air everyone turns look filo finally mastered slingshot delgo kyla friendship blossoms romance finally kiss,animation,action
"Jazz pianist Tom Stewart (Carlson), who lives in a Cape Cod island community, is preparing to marry his fiancée Meg Hubbard (Lugene Sanders). Shortly before the wedding, Tom's old girlfriend Vi Mason (Juli Reding) visits and informs him that she will end his relationship with Meg, using blackmail if necessary. While she's arguing with him atop a lighthouse, the railing she's leaning on gives way. She manages to hang on briefly, but Tom refuses to help and watches her fall to her death. The next day, Tom sees Vi's body floating in the water. After he retrieves her, the body turns into seaweed. He tries to forget what he's seen, but over the next few days, Vi's watch washes up on the beach, strange footprints appear in the sand, Vi's ghost appears and tells Tom that she will haunt him for the rest of his life, and when Meg's little sister Sandy (Susan Gordon) asks to see the wedding ring Tom will give Meg, a disembodied hand makes off with it. Soon afterward, during a party for Tom and Meg, Vi's disembodied hand appears in a photo a guest takes of the couple. Later, when Tom's alone, Vi taunts him that she'll now use her voice to tell the world how Tom Stewart killed her. To add to Tom's dilemma, a ferry-driving beatnik comes looking for Tom, intent on collecting the $5 Vi owes him for her trip to the island. Tom's haste to pay the fellow off causes the shifty man to stick around, and his attempts to blackmail Tom lead to his death. Unbeknownst to Tom, Sandy has inadvertently witnessed the murder. Sandy keeps quiet about what she's seen. At the wedding she almost speaks up at the point in the ceremony where the minister asks if anyone objects to the marriage, but before she can speak, the church's front doors burst open and the flowers all to wilt as the candles die out, bringing the ceremony to an abrupt, unpleasant halt. Later that night, Tom goes to the lighthouse and tells Vi that he's leaving the island. When he finds Sandy listening in, he realizes that he's trapped: Sandy knows too much and could possibly tell Meg and the others. Desperately Tom leads Sandy up to the broken lighthouse railing with the intent to push her over, but Vi's ghost swoops down on him, causing him to go over the edge as Sandy watches. When the islanders search for Tom's body, the first one they find is Vi's. Shortly afterward, Tom's body is found and placed next to Vi's body, which somehow manages to turn and lay its arm across his body. On Vi's dead hand is the engagement ring that was supposed to be Meg's, signaling that Tom is now stuck forever with Vi.",jazz pianist tom stewart carlson lives cape cod island community preparing marry fianc e meg hubbard lugene sanders shortly wedding tom old girlfriend vi mason juli reding visits informs end relationship meg using blackmail necessary arguing atop lighthouse railing leaning gives manages hang briefly tom refuses watches fall death day tom sees vi body floating water retrieves body turns seaweed forget seen few days vi watch washes beach strange footprints appear sand vi ghost appears tom haunt rest life meg little sister sandy susan gordon see wedding ring tom give meg disembodied hand makes afterward party tom meg vi disembodied hand appears photo guest couple tom alone vi taunts use voice tell world how tom stewart killed add tom dilemma ferry driving beatnik looking tom intent collecting vi owes trip island tom haste pay fellow causes shifty stick around attempts blackmail tom lead death unbeknownst tom sandy inadvertently witnessed murder sandy keeps quiet seen wedding almost speaks point ceremony minister anyone objects marriage speak church front doors burst open flowers wilt candles die bringing ceremony abrupt unpleasant halt night tom lighthouse vi leaving island sandy listening realizes trapped sandy knows too much could possibly tell meg others desperately tom leads sandy broken lighthouse railing intent push vi ghost swoops causing edge sandy watches islanders search tom body find vi shortly afterward tom body found placed vi body somehow manages turn lay arm across body vi dead hand engagement ring supposed meg signaling tom stuck forever vi,horror,animation
"After being released from a mental hospital, Jesse (Bridges) sets out to find and rejoin his off-beat family. While doing so, he meets a pretty young woman named Chloe (Sarandon) who works in a movie theatre, and they fall in love, which resolves his psychological problems.",released mental hospital jesse bridges sets find rejoin beat family doing meets pretty young woman named chloe sarandon works movie theatre fall love resolves psychological problems,romance,drama
"A newly barred lawyer represents a confessed murderer of a beloved probation officer, but all is not as it seems.",newly barred lawyer represents confessed murderer beloved probation officer seems,crime,drama
"Bedelia Carrington (Margaret Lockwood) is apparently happily married and on her honeymoon in Monte Carlo with Charlie Carrington (Ian Hunter.) However, a cultivated young artist, Ben Chaney (Barry K. Barnes), begins probing into her past with curious concern. Chaney, in reality a detective, suspects that Bedelia's obsession for money has led her, in the past, to dispose of more than one husband for the insurance money.[4]",bedelia carrington margaret lockwood apparently happily married honeymoon monte carlo charlie carrington ian hunter cultivated young artist ben chaney barry k barnes probing past curious concern chaney reality detective suspects bedelia obsession money led past dispose than husband insurance money,drama,comedy
"Harry Baldwin (Ray Milland), his wife Ann (Jean Hagen), their son Rick (Frankie Avalon), and daughter Karen (Mary Mitchell) leave suburban Los Angeles on a camping trip. The Baldwins notice unusually bright light flashes coming from a great distance. Sporadic news reports broadcast on CONELRAD hint at the start of an atomic war, later confirmed when the Baldwins see a large mushroom cloud over what was Los Angeles. The family initially attempts to return to rescue Ann's mother, who lives near Los Angeles, but soon abandons the plan as panicked people climb over one another to escape the fallout from multiple nuclear explosions. Witnessing the threads of society being torn a part, Harry decides the family must find refuge at their secluded vacation spot. Along the way, they stop to buy supplies, and meet hardware store owner Ed Johnson (Richard Garland), who won't let them take a handgun they've purchased because of state law. They also encounter three threatening young hoodlums, Carl (Richard Bakalyan), Mickey (Rex Holman), and Andy (Neil Nephew), on the road, but manage to drive them off. After a harrowing journey, the Baldwins reach their destination and find shelter in a cave, while they wait for order to be restored. On their portable radio they listen to war news and learn what is left of the United Nations has declared this to be Year Zero. Harry and Rick find that Johnson and his wife are their neighbors, but not for long; they are killed by the thugs. While doing laundry Ann drops a blouse in a stream which gets the attention of two of the thugs encountered earlier. As Karen sits nearby reading a book the thugs accost her; rape is implied. Ann scares the thugs off with a rifle then runs to Karen's side to comfort her. The two escape returning to the cave, where it is confirmed Karen was raped. Upon hearing what happened, the Baldwin men go in search of the thugs finding them at a farm house. They confront them, where Harry shoots both dead. He and Rick hear noise and discover a teenage girl, Marilyn (Joan Freeman), in a room kept as a sex slave. When questioned she tells them she lives there and her parents were murdered by the thugs. Freeing Marilyn, she returns with them back to cave, where she is cared for by Ann. Some time later Rick is out with Marilyn chopping wood. Carl, the third hoodlum, sneaks up behind Marilyn and forces her to drop the rifle she is holding, and begins to question her about what happened to his brothers. Rick tells him to back off and throws a piece of wood at him while Marilyn breaks away she grabs the rifle then shoots Carl dead. In the midst of struggle Carl fires a shot hitting Rick in the leg. Marilyn returns to the cave to get Rick's family and with her help they look for a doctor she knows in Paxton. On the drive there the group hears the enemy has asked for a truce and Year Zero is ending. They find Doctor Strong (Willis Bouchey, billed as Willis Buchet). He does what he can for Rick, who has lost so much blood he needs a blood transfusion and must be taken to an Army hospital more than a 100 miles (160 km) away or he will die. Along the way the group encounters an Army military patrol that is reestablishing order. After a tense meeting with two soldiers the group is allowed to continue. Watching them depart, the soldiers note they are among the good ones who escaped radiation sickness by being in the mountains when the bombs exploded. As the family drives on, a closing title card states: There must be no end – only a new beginning.",harry baldwin ray milland wife ann jean hagen son rick frankie avalon daughter karen mary mitchell leave suburban los angeles camping trip baldwins notice unusually bright light flashes coming great distance sporadic news reports broadcast conelrad hint start atomic war confirmed baldwins see large mushroom cloud los angeles family initially attempts return rescue ann mother lives near los angeles abandons plan panicked people climb escape fallout multiple nuclear explosions witnessing threads society torn part harry decides family must find refuge secluded vacation spot along stop buy supplies meet hardware store owner ed johnson richard garland wo let handgun purchased state law encounter three threatening young hoodlums carl richard bakalyan mickey rex holman andy neil nephew road manage drive harrowing journey baldwins reach destination find shelter cave wait order restored portable radio listen war news learn left united nations declared year zero harry rick find johnson wife neighbors long killed thugs doing laundry ann drops blouse stream attention thugs encountered earlier karen sits nearby reading book thugs accost rape implied ann scares thugs rifle runs karen side comfort escape returning cave confirmed karen raped upon hearing happened baldwin men search thugs finding farm confront harry shoots dead rick hear noise discover teenage girl marilyn joan freeman room kept sex slave questioned lives parents were murdered thugs freeing marilyn returns cave cared ann time rick marilyn chopping wood carl third hoodlum sneaks behind marilyn forces drop rifle holding question happened brothers rick throws piece wood marilyn breaks grabs rifle shoots carl dead midst struggle carl fires shot hitting rick leg marilyn returns cave rick family look doctor knows paxton drive group hears enemy asked truce year zero ending find doctor strong willis bouchey billed willis buchet rick lost much blood needs blood transfusion must taken army hospital than miles km or die along group encounters army military patrol reestablishing order tense meeting soldiers group allowed continue watching depart soldiers note among good ones escaped radiation sickness mountains bombs exploded family drives closing title card states must end beginning,sci-fi,horror
"The ocean liner SS Britannic is in the middle of a voyage in the North Atlantic with 1200 passengers on board when the shipping line's owner Nicholas Porter (Ian Holm) in London receives a telephone call from an unidentified person with an Irish accent styling himself as Juggernaut, who claims to have placed seven drums of amatol (high explosive) aboard the ship which are timed to explode and sink it at dawn on the following day. He warns that the drums are booby-trapped in various ways and that any attempt to move them will result in detonation and offers that technical instructions in how to render the bombs safe will be given in exchange on a ransom being paid to him of £500,000. As an indication of his seriousness he then sets off a demonstration attack with a series of small bombs on the ship's bridge, which injure one crewman. Unable to order an evacuation of the ship's passengers via lifeboats due to rough seas besetting it, the shipping line's management is inclined to yield to the ransom demand, however when the police are called in British government officials inform the company that if it does so they will withdraw the company's operating subsidy in line with the Government's policy of non-appeasement of terrorism. Instead, a Royal Navy officer, Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Fallon (Richard Harris), leading a bomb-disposal unit is dispatched, arriving on the scene by air transit and parachuting into the sea, with orders to board the ship and defuse the barrel-bombs before the deadline. Meanwhile back in London, Supt. McCleod (Anthony Hopkins), whose wife and two children happen to be holidaying on board the ship, leads Scotland Yard's investigation against the clock to capture the criminal master-bomber. After an attempt to defuse one bomb by remote-controlled robot fails, setting it off and damaging the ship, Fallon decides to split up his team with each man working simultaneously on each of the remaining devices at different points around the ship, Fallon going first with each stage of the defusing operation and informing his men of each move by radio link, with the aim that if he fails and his bomb explodes, his men will know what went wrong and continue the process onwards, with his second in command taking up the lead, until the devices are disarmed. However, if two more bombs go off, the ship will sink. Fallon proceeds to disarm the bomb he is working on, apparently successfully, with his men following each step. However, it contains a hidden secondary mechanism and one of his men, close friend Charlie Braddock (David Hemmings), accidentally triggers it, resulting in his death when it explodes, causing further damage to the ship. A disillusioned Fallon at this point abandons the operation and advises the ship's captain, Alex Brunel (Omar Sharif), to advise the shipping line to pay the ransom to avoid any more carnage, but when negotiations with Juggernaut break down at the last minute, Fallon is ordered by the captain to continue disarming the remaining bombs. Meanwhile, an extensive police search back in London captures the bomber posing as Juggernaut, who is revealed as an embittered former British military bomb-disposal officer, Sidney Buckland (Freddie Jones). He is escorted to the police situation room. After interrogation, he agrees to tell Fallon - whom he knows personally, having trained him as a junior officer - by radio-link how to disarm the bombs as time is running out and the dawn detonation is fast approaching. However, in doing so, after some hesitation when Fallon appeals for his clemency on the basis of their former comradeship, Buckland betrays him and his own chance for redemption and gives fatally false direction. Fallon, sensing he is being misled, does the opposite of what he is told, disabling the device. The rest of the bomb-disposal unit swiftly follow his example, and the ship and its passengers are saved.",ocean liner ss britannic middle voyage north atlantic passengers board shipping line owner nicholas porter ian holm london receives telephone call unidentified person irish accent styling juggernaut claims placed seven drums amatol high explosive aboard ship timed explode sink dawn following day warns drums booby trapped various ways any attempt move result detonation offers technical instructions how render bombs safe given exchange ransom paid indication seriousness sets demonstration attack series small bombs ship bridge injure crewman unable order evacuation ship passengers via lifeboats due rough seas besetting shipping line management inclined yield ransom demand police called british government officials inform company withdraw company operating subsidy line government policy non appeasement terrorism instead royal navy officer lt cmdr anthony fallon richard harris leading bomb disposal unit dispatched arriving scene air transit parachuting sea orders board ship defuse barrel bombs deadline london supt mccleod anthony hopkins whose wife children happen holidaying board ship leads scotland yard investigation against clock capture criminal master bomber attempt defuse bomb remote controlled robot fails setting damaging ship fallon decides split team each working simultaneously each remaining devices different points around ship fallon going each stage defusing operation informing men each move radio link aim fails bomb explodes men know went wrong continue process onwards second command taking lead until devices disarmed bombs ship sink fallon proceeds disarm bomb working apparently successfully men following each step contains hidden secondary mechanism men close friend charlie braddock david hemmings accidentally triggers resulting death explodes causing further damage ship disillusioned fallon point abandons operation advises ship captain alex brunel omar sharif advise shipping line pay ransom avoid any carnage negotiations juggernaut break last minute fallon ordered captain continue disarming remaining bombs extensive police search london captures bomber posing juggernaut revealed embittered former british military bomb disposal officer sidney buckland freddie jones escorted police situation room interrogation agrees tell fallon whom knows personally trained junior officer radio link how disarm bombs time running dawn detonation fast approaching doing hesitation fallon appeals clemency basis former comradeship buckland betrays chance redemption gives fatally false direction fallon sensing misled opposite told disabling device rest bomb disposal unit swiftly follow example ship passengers saved,drama,action
"The film opens at Canyon Park where narcotics cop Frank Daly (Brian Dennehy) is coaching his partners Wayne Gross (Joe Pantoliano), Ricky Rodriguez (Jeff Fahey), and Howard Jones (Bill Paxton) during a flag football game. After the game, Daly tells Captain Joe Torres (Henry Darrow) that his team is working on a major bust. He asks Torres to help keep the DEA out of the operation. Later that night, Daly and his team surveil a massive drug deal at a meat processing plant. However, when Daly radios Torres for backup, the Captain orders him to wait for the DEA to show up. Daly ignores the order. During the raid, Anthony Reece (Michael C. Gwynne) and his main henchman torch the money earned during the deal, setting the whole plant on fire. Reece and his henchman drive up to a diplomatic retreat in the mountains to inform their superior, R.J. Norringer (Guy Boyd), about the fate of the money. Cpt. Torres suspends Daly and his team pending an investigation. The team use their free time during their suspension to make good on their promise to install a septic tank at Canyon Park. Through one of their informants, Fast Eddie (Xander Berkeley), Daly arranges for a prostitute to meet with Reece and surveil him further. As Reece waits for the prostitute, Rodriguez witnesses him receive an envelope from someone who he later learns is a DEA agent. Eddie calls Daly to tell him that Reece was a psycho, and he viciously beat the prostitute. Daly and the team heads to the motel where Eddie and the prostitute are hiding, but before they can get there, Reece's henchman kills them both. Jones chases the henchman, who lays a trap for Jones and kills him. Daly is charged with violating the terms of his suspension, resulting in Jones' death. Daly resigns in disgust. Gross resigns in solidarity. Rodriguez initially does not want to resign, because being a cop is his whole identity, but he eventually agrees to resign and pursue the case as civilians with the rest of the team. They raise $25,000 for their operation by knocking over some local drug dealers. The team trails Reece to an event for the Central American Relief Fund, where they witness Norringer give a speech advocating support for Central American rebel forces. On the roof of the building, they videotape Reece meeting with Norringer. They visit retired cop Tommy Grogan (John Finnegan), who reads Reece and Norringer's lips to determine that there is a major deal going down the next night. As the team investigates Norringer's harbor operation, Captain Torres visits Grogan with Reece's henchman to determine what he told Daly's team. At Norringer's warehouse, the team realizes that the drug sales are used to finance weapons purchases on behalf of Central American rebels. Norringer's men give chase, and the team escapes in one of the loaded trucks. After they crash it into an overpass, they find that it is loaded with over $22 million. They hide the cash in the septic tank at the park. As they clean up afterward, they find Grogan's body in a locker. Realizing that their families are in danger, they gather all of their loved ones in an secluded spot and debate their next step. They agree to pursue the case, rather than run off with the money. Daly confronts Torres about Grogan, and he confesses to his involvement in the scheme, explaining that he just does not care anymore about right and wrong. Daly sets up an exchange at the park, with Gross and Rodriguez hiding in sniper positions. They have also planted small charges around the field. When Torres and Norringer arrive, a gunfight ensues. The police arrive, because Torres had called them in a final act of contrition, and they help Daly and his team defend themselves. Norringer, Torres, and Reece are all killed in the firefight. The film closes with the rededication of Canyon Park in Jones' honor. Daly is back in uniform, and the camera lingers on a TV where the President denies involvement in the scheme while expressing support for the rebels.",film opens canyon park narcotics cop frank daly brian dennehy coaching partners wayne gross joe pantoliano ricky rodriguez jeff fahey howard jones bill paxton flag football game game daly captain joe torres henry darrow team working major bust torres keep dea operation night daly team surveil massive drug deal meat processing plant daly radios torres backup captain orders wait dea show daly ignores order raid anthony reece michael c gwynne main henchman torch money earned deal setting whole plant fire reece henchman drive diplomatic retreat mountains inform superior r j norringer guy boyd fate money cpt torres suspends daly team pending investigation team use free time suspension good promise install septic tank canyon park informants fast eddie xander berkeley daly arranges prostitute meet reece surveil further reece waits prostitute rodriguez witnesses receive envelope someone learns dea agent eddie calls daly tell reece psycho viciously beat prostitute daly team heads motel eddie prostitute hiding reece henchman kills jones chases henchman lays trap jones kills daly charged violating terms suspension resulting jones death daly resigns disgust gross resigns solidarity rodriguez initially want resign cop whole identity agrees resign pursue case civilians rest team raise operation knocking local drug dealers team trails reece event central american relief fund witness norringer give speech advocating support central american rebel forces roof building videotape reece meeting norringer visit retired cop tommy grogan john finnegan reads reece norringer lips determine major deal going night team investigates norringer harbor operation captain torres visits grogan reece henchman determine told daly team norringer warehouse team realizes drug sales used finance weapons purchases behalf central american rebels norringer men give chase team escapes loaded trucks crash overpass find loaded million hide cash septic tank park clean afterward find grogan body locker realizing families danger gather loved ones secluded spot debate step agree pursue case rather than run money daly confronts torres grogan confesses involvement scheme explaining care anymore right wrong daly sets exchange park gross rodriguez hiding sniper positions planted small charges around field torres norringer arrive gunfight ensues police arrive torres called final act contrition daly team defend themselves norringer torres reece killed firefight film closes rededication canyon park jones honor daly uniform camera lingers tv president denies involvement scheme expressing support rebels,crime,action
"The film tells the story of Shrihari who, in search of his brother Madavan, makes it to Bangkok. In the middle of this search, Shrihari has to face lots of problems and struggles.",film story shrihari search brother madavan makes bangkok middle search shrihari face lots problems struggles,romance,comedy
"A married couple inherits a condo unit,unknown to them that the area resides in a negative energy convergence area,which made the inhabitants unlucky.",married couple inherits condo unit unknown area resides negative energy convergence area made inhabitants unlucky,horror,comedy
"A woman seeks evidence that will give her grounds for divorce from her husband, so she can marry another man.",woman seeks evidence give grounds divorce husband marry,crime,drama
"Kamal Malhotra (Sanjay Dutt) is a salesman working with a table-fan manufacturing firm. He lives with his uncle and mother. One night in a jewel exhibition, he meets the Nawab of Chandrapur (Raza Murad). While introducing himself to the Nawab, his name is overheard by a member of a gang, Kamran (Viju Khote). He is invited by Kamran to meet a diamond dealer, Seth Narottam Johri. The members of the gang are actually taking him to be the famous CID officer Kamal Malhotra. He is left drunk in a car and the police arrest him. He explains to the police what happened last night, but is unable to prove the identity of the gang. Another night in a hotel, he finds Narottam Johri and tries to catch him. Narottam Johri is killed by another member of the gang, Luca (Gulshan Grover) and Kamal gets accused of the murder. He escapes from the hotel and tries to catch Luca, but the only thing he could get hold of is a train ticket. To save himself and to catch Luca, he flees from the police and travels by the same train in which Luca is travelling. There, he meets Sonia Shrivastav (Meenakshi Seshadri) and falls in love with her. To hide his identity, he introduces himself as Ashok Saxena to her. In the train, the police come searching for him. So he escapes from the train taking Sonia as hostage in the police jeep. Sonia later tells Kamal that she is a model. Actually, she works for Captain S.P. Singh (Amrish Puri), whose gang is in search for CID officer Kamal Malhotra. She makes the Captain understand in a meeting that she is trying to find the true identity of Kamal, while tricking him into thinking that she loves him. But the Captain realises that she cannot be trusted and asks Luca to kill her. However, Sonia makes a narrow escape and Luca is killed. One night while Kamal is with the Nawab, he gets kidnapped by the Captain's men. However, he again manages to escape by getting himself caught by the police after creating chaos in an auction. Towards the end, the Nawab organises an exhibition of his jewels, which Sonia is supposed to exhibit by wearing them. During the exhibition, Kamal is kept in a closed room as he watches the exhibition on a CCTV. The Captain disguises himself as the Nawab by wearing a mask. At this point, it is revealed that it is actually Sonia who is the real CID officer Kamal Malhotra, and she is working with the Captain to take revenge for her brother, who was killed by Luca. Kamal Malhotra (Sanjay) now realises that Sonia (now also Kamal Malhotra) actually loves him and was doing all this for a good cause. The story ends with the Captain's death after a chase sequence and finally, Kamal Malhotra (Sanjay) marries Sonia Shrivastav (Meenakshi).",kamal malhotra sanjay dutt salesman working table fan manufacturing firm lives uncle mother night jewel exhibition meets nawab chandrapur raza murad introducing nawab name overheard member gang kamran viju khote invited kamran meet diamond dealer seth narottam johri members gang actually taking famous cid officer kamal malhotra left drunk car police arrest explains police happened last night unable prove identity gang night hotel narottam johri catch narottam johri killed member gang luca gulshan grover kamal accused murder escapes hotel catch luca thing could hold train ticket save catch luca flees police travels same train luca travelling meets sonia shrivastav meenakshi seshadri falls love hide identity introduces ashok saxena train police searching escapes train taking sonia hostage police jeep sonia kamal model actually works captain s p singh amrish puri whose gang search cid officer kamal malhotra makes captain understand meeting trying find true identity kamal tricking thinking loves captain realises cannot trusted luca kill sonia makes narrow escape luca killed night kamal nawab kidnapped captain men manages escape getting caught police creating chaos auction towards end nawab organises exhibition jewels sonia supposed exhibit wearing exhibition kamal kept closed room watches exhibition cctv captain disguises nawab wearing mask point revealed actually sonia real cid officer kamal malhotra working captain revenge brother killed luca kamal malhotra sanjay realises sonia kamal malhotra actually loves doing good cause story ends captain death chase sequence finally kamal malhotra sanjay marries sonia shrivastav meenakshi,action,romance
Krishna (Chiranjeevi) is a poor college going boy who falls in love with his classmate Nandini (Ragini). Nandini is the daughter of a rich landlord Shankare Gowda (Devaraj). Both fall in love and seeks approval from their parents. Nandini's father is much against the alliance and disapproves the relationship. The rest of the story deals with the methods adopted by Krishna to win over Nandini's family with the help of his friend SMS (Raghu) who has a solution for every issue that Krishna faces.,krishna chiranjeevi poor college going boy falls love classmate nandini ragini nandini daughter rich landlord shankare gowda devaraj fall love seeks approval parents nandini much against alliance disapproves relationship rest story deals methods adopted krishna win nandini family friend sms raghu solution every issue krishna faces,action,romance
"Shankar (Madan Puri) is a thief who operates with the help of his own small son Shyam, eclipsing his son's future. But his wife Gauri (Nirupa Roy) does not like this and decides to leave the house to save the future of her two sons. But unfortunately, she only succeeds in carrying her elder son Ram (Jeetendra) along with her, leaving behind her younger son Shyam (Vinod Mehra), who is picked up by her husband Shankar. Gauri settles down in some other town far away from her husband and younger son. With the passing of time, her elder son Ram gets a job in a mill and gets married to a laborer girl Sita (Moushumi Chatterjee). They were very happy and Sita becomes pregnant. One day, Ram saves one girl from the hands of a mill supervisor who wants to rape the girl, and for that Ram has to pay the price. The mill manager dismisses Ram from the job. Due to Ram now being unemployed and the sickness of his mother, Sita begins to work hard though pregnant. Ram does not get any job and he cannot buy medicines for Sita. One day, Sita gives birth to a son and dies. Sita's death in poverty gives Ram and unbearable shock which turns Ram into a smuggler whose only motive now is to get money by any means. But his mother Gauri who once left her husband for saving the future of Ram now decides to leave Ram to better the future of Ram's son Raju.",shankar madan puri thief operates small son shyam eclipsing son future wife gauri nirupa roy like decides leave save future sons unfortunately succeeds carrying elder son ram jeetendra along leaving behind younger son shyam vinod mehra picked husband shankar gauri settles town far husband younger son passing time elder son ram job mill married laborer girl sita moushumi chatterjee were very happy sita pregnant day ram saves girl hands mill supervisor wants rape girl ram pay price mill manager dismisses ram job due ram unemployed sickness mother sita work hard though pregnant ram any job cannot buy medicines sita day sita gives birth son dies sita death poverty gives ram unbearable shock turns ram smuggler whose motive money any means mother gauri once left husband saving future ram decides leave ram better future ram son raju,drama,romance
"Three elementary school girls, Mako (Haruka Tomatsu/Caroline Combes), Miko (Sakiko Uran/Lucille Boudonnat), and Mutsuko (Minako Kotobuki/Lucille Boudonnat), decide to investigate the legends behind their school, St. Claire Elementary. As a lark they decide to vandalize the science room's human anatomy model Kunstrijk (Kouichi Yamadera/Bruno Meyere), who decides to take his own personal revenge on the three girls. He invites them to return to the school at midnight for a party, intending to scare them. Instead the three girls end up joining Kunstrijk and the skeleton model Goth (Hiromasa Taguchi/Christophe Seugnet) on a quest to gain a wish. The girls must find three medallions that are spread out over the school's enormous grounds. Kunstrijk directs them to go to three rooms: the Pool Room, the Digital Room, and the Music Room. Each room has their own guardian that fits each area's themes, as the Pool Room is guarded by a merman, the Digital Room's guardians are two all-knowing beings, and the Music Room's guardian is Mozart himself (Hiroshi Yanaka/Jean-Pierre Leblan). However the quest is made even more difficult as not everyone wants the girls to succeed and Kunstrijk is hiding his own secret reason for wanting the girls to succeed: the quest is actually to help ensure that he and Goth will remain in their living state forever rather than returning to inanimate objects.",three elementary school girls mako haruka tomatsu caroline combes miko sakiko uran lucille boudonnat mutsuko minako kotobuki lucille boudonnat decide investigate legends behind school st claire elementary lark decide vandalize science room human anatomy model kunstrijk kouichi yamadera bruno meyere decides personal revenge three girls invites return school midnight party intending scare instead three girls end joining kunstrijk skeleton model goth hiromasa taguchi christophe seugnet quest gain wish girls must find three medallions spread school enormous grounds kunstrijk directs three rooms pool room digital room music room each room guardian fits each area themes pool room guarded merman digital room guardians knowing beings music room guardian mozart hiroshi yanaka jean pierre leblan quest made even difficult everyone wants girls succeed kunstrijk hiding secret reason wanting girls succeed quest actually ensure goth remain living state forever rather than returning inanimate objects,animation,comedy
"Colin Glasgow returns home after the murder of his uncle to find out that his uncle's will has been altered and his family is under a werewolf curse. Twists and turns lead to Colin finding his old love Lynn and meeting a priest who is more than meets the eye. In the end, Colin must find a way to end the curse that has haunted his family over the ages and will do so even if it costs him his life.",colin glasgow returns home murder uncle find uncle altered family under werewolf curse twists turns lead colin finding old love lynn meeting priest than meets eye end colin must find end curse haunted family ages do even costs life,horror,drama
"Chandra Shekhar aka Chandu (Nitin) is a daredevil youth and is a fearless boy. Once he comes across a beautiful girl Nandu (Hansika Motwani), daughter of a dreaded factionalist Peddi Reddy (Suman). Soon he loses his heart. He starts teasing her and wants to prove that he is sincerely loving Nandu. He tells Nandu that he could do anything for her. Then the latter tells him that he should not follow her until she calls him. In order to grab her attention, he sends his father (Chandramohan) and mother (Pragati) to express his love and let her know that they too encourage him instead of trying to divert his attention from love. Later Nandu realises that she too is truly loving him. At this juncture, Jayaprakash Reddy (Jayaprakash Reddy) goes to Peddi Reddy for an alliance for his brother's son Veera Pratap Reddy (Saleem Baig). Peddi Reddy refuses to marry Nandu with Veera Pratap Reddy. This flares up the factionalism between the two. At a time when Nandu wants to express her love to Chandu, she is taken away by her father to their village. The climax deals as to how the two meet and how the success of their love turns up.",chandra shekhar aka chandu nitin daredevil youth fearless boy once across beautiful girl nandu hansika motwani daughter dreaded factionalist peddi reddy suman loses heart starts teasing wants prove sincerely loving nandu nandu could do anything latter should follow until calls order grab attention sends chandramohan mother pragati express love let know too encourage instead trying divert attention love nandu realises too truly loving juncture jayaprakash reddy jayaprakash reddy peddi reddy alliance brother son veera pratap reddy saleem baig peddi reddy refuses marry nandu veera pratap reddy flares factionalism time nandu wants express love chandu taken village climax deals how meet how success love turns,action,romance
"Radha's (Hema Malini) life has been shattered due to the sudden death of her groom Ashok (Jeetendra) on her wedding night. This impacts too harshly on her mind as she refuses to believe that her to-be husband is no more and she still waits for his return. Later one day, a look-alike of her husband named Vijay (again Jeetendra) enters in the community as well as in her life. But Vijay is already married and also has a young daughter. Later, Vijay comes to know about Radha's tragedy and feels sorry for her. Also, he decides to spend some time with her so that she can regain her mental balance. Meanwhile, Radha starts believing that her husband has come back and now she can start a happy lifestyle along with him. Will Radha's happiness last forever? What complications will Radha's arrival bring into Vijay's married life?",radha hema malini life shattered due sudden death groom ashok jeetendra wedding night impacts too harshly mind refuses believe husband waits return day look alike husband named vijay jeetendra enters community well life vijay already married young daughter vijay know radha tragedy feels sorry decides spend time regain mental balance radha starts believing husband start happy lifestyle along radha happiness last forever complications radha arrival bring vijay married life,drama,romance
"Wong Low Get (Edward G. Robinson) is the most highly respected hatchet man of his Tong. Having sworn total allegiance, he cannot turn down an order, even one to kill his best friend Sun Yat Ming (J. Carrol Naish). His friend forgives him in advance of his execution, begging only that Wong raise his daughter Toya San (Loretta Young) as his own. Wong does as he has sworn, but as she grows up, he falls in love with her. She marries him out of a sense of obligation, but a handsome younger gangster, Harry En Hai (Leslie Fenton), gets her to leave Wong, disgracing him and leading to a shocking turn of events.",wong low edward g robinson most highly respected hatchet tong sworn total allegiance cannot turn order even kill best friend sun yat ming j carrol naish friend forgives advance execution begging wong raise daughter toya san loretta young wong sworn grows falls love marries sense obligation handsome younger gangster harry en hai leslie fenton leave wong disgracing leading shocking turn events,crime,drama
"Malati (Rati Agnihotri), a young girl from a middle-class family meets Suresh Ray (Mithun Chakraborty), who is the son of a well-known lawyer Dayashankar Ray (Danny Denzongpa). After dating each other for some time, she finds that she is pregnant. When Suresh refuses to marry Malati, and she decides against aborting the baby, her parents throw her out and disown her. Left alone, she decides to take Suresh to court. She is supported in this fight by Shakuntala (Rekha), a lawyer who works for woman's rights, who also has an illegitimate daughter from Dayashankar Ray. The case gets much publicity and public support, and the judge rules in Malati's favor. At this point however, Malati refuses to marry Suresh and decides to raise the child on her own. In the meantime, Shakuntala dies of a heart attack, and Malati promises her to take care of her daughter, and carry on Shakuntala's work. Years later Suresh and his wife (Ranjeeta), now married for some years and still childless, run into Malati again. It turns out that she has been raising her son all by herself, and he has turned out to be a very talented and well-adjusted young and smart boy.",malati rati agnihotri young girl middle class family meets suresh ray mithun chakraborty son well known lawyer dayashankar ray danny denzongpa dating each time pregnant suresh refuses marry malati decides against aborting baby parents throw disown left alone decides suresh court supported fight shakuntala rekha lawyer works woman rights illegitimate daughter dayashankar ray case much publicity public support judge rules malati favor point malati refuses marry suresh decides raise child meantime shakuntala dies heart attack malati promises care daughter carry shakuntala work years suresh wife ranjeeta married years childless run malati turns raising son herself turned very talented well adjusted young smart boy,drama,romance
"Avinash Saxena lives with his uncle and cousin, Vimal. His uncle passes away, leaving the estate to him, as he is aware that Vimal is a wastrel and alcoholic. Nevertheless, the two cousins get along quite well. When Avinash goes to visit one of his houses in the country side, he finds out that his servant, Ram Prasad, had let his bedroom to a young woman, Gloria, without his permission. After he meets Gloria both of them fall in love with each other and get married in a simple temple ceremony. They then return to the city, where Gloria, who is now Pooja, is introduced to Vimal. Then one night while returning home from a late night movie, the couple are attacked and Avinash is killed, leaving Pooja widowed and devastated. Then a few months later, Pooja is approached by a fortune-teller, Maya Gangadhami, who informs her that Avinash has been in touch with her and would like to console her as well as warn her that the man who killed him is also going to kill her also. Pooja ridicules this, and tells Vimal about this. What Pooja does not know is that Vimal himself was responsible for hiring the killer to kill Avinash so that he could inherit the estate and wealth as the sole surviving relative, and with no proof available of Pooja's marriage, all he has to do is arrange her death at the hands of the same killer.",avinash saxena lives uncle cousin vimal uncle passes leaving estate aware vimal wastrel alcoholic nevertheless cousins along quite well avinash visit houses country side servant ram prasad let bedroom young woman gloria without permission meets gloria fall love each married simple temple ceremony return city gloria pooja introduced vimal night returning home late night movie couple attacked avinash killed leaving pooja widowed devastated few months pooja approached fortune teller maya gangadhami informs avinash touch would like console well warn killed going kill pooja ridicules vimal pooja know vimal responsible hiring killer kill avinash could inherit estate wealth sole surviving relative proof available pooja marriage do arrange death hands same killer,drama,romance
"Howard Young is a coast guardsman who has been on shore duty for three years despite his efforts to be sent into action. His nearest approach to sea duty was on a harbor-moored life raft for 21 days as part of an experiment with a new type of vitamin gum for the government. He meets Christine Bradley, a SPAR, sent to take over his communications job and, by things he leaves unsaid, she thinks his life-raft experience was the result of a ship-wreck at sea.",howard young coast guardsman shore duty three years despite efforts sent action nearest approach sea duty harbor moored life raft days part experiment type vitamin gum government meets christine bradley spar sent communications job things leaves unsaid thinks life raft experience result ship wreck sea,action,drama
"Vijay (Shashi Kapoor) is an engineer, who is in love with a rich girl named Rekha (Mumtaz). Rekha's snobbish father disapproves because Vijay is not wealthy, and so he has arranged for her to be married to a son of an evil politician. The evil politician is played by Madan Puri. Rekha's father and the politician frame Vijay for a crime that he didn't commit, and he goes to jail. When he's in jail, he becomes friends with three other prisoners. All four men escape from jail. After Vijay reconnects with Rekha, they all go to a small village called Shantinagar and help save the village from the evil politician and the bandits that terrorize the town. The evil politician is arrested. Rekha's father feels remorse and accepts Vijay. Vijay and his three prisoner friends go back to jail. However, the film ends on an optimistic tone indicating that their good deeds will be rewarded (i.e. that their prison sentences will be shortened).",vijay shashi kapoor engineer love rich girl named rekha mumtaz rekha snobbish disapproves vijay wealthy arranged married son evil politician evil politician played madan puri rekha politician frame vijay crime did commit jail jail friends three prisoners four men escape jail vijay reconnects rekha small village called shantinagar save village evil politician bandits terrorize town evil politician arrested rekha feels remorse accepts vijay vijay three prisoner friends jail film ends optimistic tone indicating good deeds rewarded i e prison sentences shortened,drama,action
"The film opens with Danila Bagrov (Sergei Bodrov Jr.) appearing on a television show with his two friends from the army. It is immediately known, that unlike the prequel's subplot, where Danila was an HQ clerk, he was is in fact a combat veteran from the First Chechen war (which immediately explains his non-amateur performance and skill in the first film). All three comrades now live in Moscow, where Ilya Setevoy (Kirill Pirogov) is a professional programmer who works for the State Historical Museum on Red Square whilst Konstantin (Kostya) Gromov (Alexander Dyachenko) works in the security department for the Nikolayevsky Bank. Danila himself reveals his ambition to enrol in medicine at the university. After the program, the friends retire to an exclusive public bathhouse (the Sanduny) where Kostya reveals to his friends that his twin brother Dmitry is an ice hockey player for the Chicago Blackhawks and is being blackmailed by an American 'entrepreneur' Richard Mennis . According to Konstantin, his brother once played for his home club, the Kyiv Falcons before he was invited to play in the NHL and emigrated to the United States to play for the Chicago Black Hawks. Later he was signed by the Pittsburgh Penguins and from that moment he started to have trouble and difficulties with the Ukrainian mafia, who have been threatening and pressuring him. Dmitry (also portrayed by Alexander Dyachenko) was desperate and appealed to the local Chicago kingpin businessman Mennis (Gary Houston) for help and protection. Mennis took Dmitry under contract and granted him protection, but left Dmitry like an indenture servant. as all the proceeds are pocketed by Mennis. At the end Konstantin says that Mennis has come to Moscow to meet his employer, the owner of the Nikolayevsky Bank, Valentin Belkin (Sergey Makovetsky) to discuss a business proposal. Almost simultaneously in a different part of Russia, that same television program was being watched by Danila's brother Viktor Bagrov (Viktor Sukhorukov) and their mother. Seeing how her older son has turned into a drinking police sergeant, whilst her younger one is now on TV, she pleads with him to travel to Moscow and seek his brother there, as his life back home was bringing her little happiness. The irony of the scene is that in the first film it was exactly the opposite, where Viktor was the role model. After the bathhouse, Danila meets up and begins an affair with a Russian pop singer Irina Saltykova (playing herself), who he met at the TV station and crashed at her apartment in the elite Kotelnicheskaya Embankment building. The next morning Kostya approaches Belkin and pleads to remind Mennis about his brother. Belkin agrees, however Dmitry Gromov is of little concern to both as Belkin, being a Russian kingpin with money laundering partners, wishes to legalise their assets by investing in American companies, and needs Mennis's help to bypass standing law which prohibits foreign capital. The importance of the new friendship with Mennis prompts Belkin to remove Kostya altogether. That evening Danila stops at Kostya's apartment to discover his friend shot and sets out to avenge his friend. Knowing about his employer's lucrative deals, and Konstantin's desire to help his brother, there is little doubt who was behind the murder. After himself being briefly arrested and beating up some thugs in jail, Danila pairs up with Ilya to begin their revenge. First he clears out his apartment, where it turns out that only a small stash of money, that he carried from the first film remain. A visit to the black market results in a CD with personal information about Belkin. A visit to a local neo-nazi friend of Ilya's gets them armed with trophy guns and grenades from the Great Patriotic War. Based in the museum at the Red Square, they almost miss his brother, Viktor, who arrived in Moscow earlier that day. With his help, Ilya manages to quickly steal a car for the job. That day, a concert is held in an elite gimnasium, where Belkin's son Fedya is studying. Danila fools the security as latecomers, whilst Viktor distracts the other drivers/guards outside, making the impression that his boss i.e. Danilla is a very active member of the Russian underworld. Inside Danila arrives just to see Fedya being summoned to the stage where he reads a very patriotic poem, which deeply moves Danila. Intercepting him off-stage, he thanks him for the poem and introduces himself as his new teacher. With his cover in force, he approaches Belkin and invites him to the staffroom for a private conversation about the school's sponsor. One-on-one, at gunpoint he confronts him, and inquires about Kostya's murder. Belking reveals that it was not his doing, but under the pressure of Mennis, he talks of his illegal operations including smuggling of pornography and extortion. Afterwards he pleads for mercy, which Danilla grants, saying it would be a shame to leave such a kid with no father. After the run, the trio clear the museum, whilst Danilla gives Ilya his remaining money to purchase passports and tickets to Chicago. Upon Viktor's insistence they also take a Russian M1910 Maxim exponent. Belkin refuses to let Danila off, although it is revealed that Kostya's murder was unintentional, as he only wanted him sacked, however his stunt in the school now threatens his whole operation with Mennis. Belkin's thugs, reviewing the TV recording, first raid the museum, but arrive too late, issue orders to his contacts in the police to intercept the car, but Ilya's documents do not rouse any suspicion, when stopped by the traffic patrol. Danilla however decides to pass time with Saltykova, inadvertently bringing Viktor with him. Whilst Viktor tells Irina about this opinion on Russian pop music, Belkin's thugs find the stolen Volvo in a parking lot in front of the Kotelnicheskaya building. Saltykova's chauffeur Boris calls Danila and warns him, and the Bagrov brothers first ambush the mobsters and then lead them on a daring chase through central Moscow, into a closed ally, where Viktor makes a quick work of the cars with his Maxim gun. News of Bagrov's success enrages not only Belkin, but also his partners who begin having doubts in the security of their operation. Powerless, Belkin is forced to alert the Ukrainian mafia in Chicago, in case his thugs fail to intercept him in Moscow. To avoid capture, the brothers fly to America separately, and Viktor passes by Belkin's thugs without any suspicion in Moscow, and the Ukrainian thugs in Chicago. Danila instead lands in New York City where he travels to the Russian Jewish Brighton Beach community. There he buys a cheap beat-up car to travel to Chicago by road, but it breaks down just outside Pennsylvania. Stranded he is saved when a trucker Ben Johnson (Ray Toler) picks him up. Despite Danila's limited English, the two become close friends and on his way to Chicago, Ben shows Danila much about American life. Upon their arrival in Chicago, Ben offers Danila to pick up a prostitute, however the bald Marylin, turns out to be a Russian Dasha (Darya Urgens Lesnikova). Though not interested in sex, he gives her some money, but the charity is quickly snatched up by her Black American pimp. Back in Moscow, Belkin is still determined to catch Danila, however a background check revealed the bald man accompanying him (i.e. Viktor) is a professional assassin Tatarin and that he was on board the flight to Chicago. Paranoid, Belkin warns Manis and re-alerts the Ukrainian mafia in Chicago to find him. Simultaneously he dismisses his thug's suggestion to raid Saltykova, due to her fame, but instead commissions them to wire her phone. Foreseeing this, upon departure Danila created an alibi that he was travelling out of town for a few days and keeps deceiving Irina, and thus Belkin throughout the film. Viktor meanwhile arrives in the Ukrainian diaspora district in Chicago quickly begins to spend his money wisely (and gaining more by beating up a police officer), enjoying the American lifestyle, making tours of the city dressed as Al Capone. Danila sticks to the mission, and first attempts to meet up with Dmitry Gromov, but is unable to catch him. Nor are his attempts to rendezvous with Viktor successful as Viktor is too much enjoying his life. Badly needing a translator he decides to find Dasha and travels to the Black neighbourhood. Just before he can run away with her, he is savagely beaten by Dasha's pimp's henchmen. The Police let him go on the basis of recognizance and he gets revenge by tricking the same group who beat him up into selling him weapons, which he steals by subterfuge. Afterwards Dasha's pimp attempts to get even with her but is in turn killed by Danila, leaving Dasha no choice but to go with him. Finally Viktor and Danila meet up and the three enjoy an evening camp fire on the beach of Lake Michigan where they share their experiences and attitude towards American society. Dasha tells her story of how she came in the early 1990s as an exchange student, worked in escort service in New York before finally degrading into a street hooker. Viktor on the other hand is much too impressed with the power of money that drives America. Danila instead shows his patriotism, first offers Dasha to come back home with them, replying to her what will I do there? with the What have you achieved here? inferring to her social status. As for Viktor, Danila reminds him there are things that money can't buy. The philosophical discussion is broken by a homeless black man, who stumbles across them and is insulted when Danila called him a negr (not knowing that the word is an insult English). While waiting for fight to come, Dasha replies that she believes that the primal nature of black people drive fear into the white, which makes them ultimately stronger. However Danila's warning shot into the sand quickly forces the attackers to run. Afterwards, Danila begins to finally move in against Mennis, and first hits his front the Club Metro. Expecting Mennis to be there he sneaks a weapon into the toilet, and then during a Rock concert evening involving Bi-2 band he kills every member of Mennis's mafia he encounters in the basement. Mennis turns out to be absent. Viktor seeing he picked up the tail of the Ukrainian mafia decides to draw them away and kills their hitman but not before learning of the mafia's operations. The next morning Danila climbs 50 or so floors on a skyscraper's fire escape to reach Mennis's office. There he catches him in a game of chess, and killing his colleague, finally confronts him alone. As if continuing the debate on lakeside, in his monologue (in Russian) he asks the American if power really comes from money. Arguing that his brother (whose photo is lying next to the chess table) believes this theory, Danila instead thinks that power lies in the Truth. He (implying Mennis), being rich is not strong, as he took his money from someone else. Thus the tricked person is right, so he is stronger. In conclusion he demands that Mennis hand over all the money he took from Dmitry. Giving Dmitry his money, Danila sets off back home to Moscow, but unintentionally drives via the Ukrainian neighbourhood where he witnesses a police siege around the former headquarters of the Ukrainian mafia, where Viktor killed everyone inside. As he is dragged out handcuffed, Viktor shouts his intentions to stay in America. The film ends with Danila and Dasha taking off to Moscow. The final call to Irina, is not intercepted, as presumably, Belkin is also removed by his investors, who in an earlier scene, face to face told him, that the sum of money he set up in this operation is too much to be risked. Danilo and Dasha (Maralyn) Board the plane to Moscow. Dasha is told that she will never be able to enter the United States again, But she does not care signalling an intention she will never visit America again. The scene ends with the view from the plane - as it heads back to Russia.",film opens danila bagrov sergei bodrov jr appearing television show friends army immediately known unlike prequel subplot danila hq clerk fact combat veteran chechen war immediately explains non amateur performance skill film three comrades live moscow ilya setevoy kirill pirogov professional programmer works state historical museum red square whilst konstantin kostya gromov alexander dyachenko works security department nikolayevsky bank danila reveals ambition enrol medicine university program friends retire exclusive public bathhouse sanduny kostya reveals friends twin brother dmitry ice hockey player chicago blackhawks blackmailed american entrepreneur richard mennis according konstantin brother once played home club kyiv falcons invited play nhl emigrated united states play chicago black hawks signed pittsburgh penguins moment started trouble difficulties ukrainian mafia threatening pressuring dmitry portrayed alexander dyachenko desperate appealed local chicago kingpin businessman mennis gary houston protection mennis took dmitry under contract granted protection left dmitry like indenture servant proceeds pocketed mennis end konstantin says mennis moscow meet employer owner nikolayevsky bank valentin belkin sergey makovetsky discuss business proposal almost simultaneously different part russia same television program watched danila brother viktor bagrov viktor sukhorukov mother seeing how older son turned drinking police sergeant whilst younger tv pleads travel moscow seek brother life home bringing little happiness irony scene film exactly opposite viktor role model bathhouse danila meets affair russian pop singer irina saltykova playing herself met tv station crashed apartment elite kotelnicheskaya embankment building morning kostya approaches belkin pleads remind mennis brother belkin agrees dmitry gromov little concern belkin russian kingpin money laundering partners wishes legalise assets investing american companies needs mennis bypass standing law prohibits foreign capital importance friendship mennis prompts belkin remove kostya altogether evening danila stops kostya apartment discover friend shot sets avenge friend knowing employer lucrative deals konstantin desire brother little doubt behind murder briefly arrested beating thugs jail danila pairs ilya begin revenge clears apartment turns small stash money carried film remain visit black market results cd personal information belkin visit local neo nazi friend ilya armed trophy guns grenades great patriotic war based museum red square almost miss brother viktor arrived moscow earlier day ilya manages quickly steal car job day concert held elite gimnasium belkin son fedya studying danila fools security latecomers whilst viktor distracts drivers guards outside making impression boss i e danilla very active member russian underworld inside danila arrives see fedya summoned stage reads very patriotic poem deeply moves danila intercepting stage thanks poem introduces teacher cover force approaches belkin invites staffroom private conversation school sponsor gunpoint confronts inquires kostya murder belking reveals doing under pressure mennis talks illegal operations including smuggling pornography extortion afterwards pleads mercy danilla grants saying would shame leave such kid run trio clear museum whilst danilla gives ilya remaining money purchase passports tickets chicago upon viktor insistence russian m maxim exponent belkin refuses let danila although revealed kostya murder unintentional wanted sacked stunt school threatens whole operation mennis belkin thugs reviewing tv recording raid museum arrive too late issue orders contacts police intercept car ilya documents do rouse any suspicion stopped traffic patrol danilla decides pass time saltykova inadvertently bringing viktor whilst viktor irina opinion russian pop music belkin thugs find stolen volvo parking lot front kotelnicheskaya building saltykova chauffeur boris calls danila warns bagrov brothers ambush mobsters lead daring chase central moscow closed ally viktor makes quick work cars maxim gun news bagrov success enrages belkin partners begin doubts security operation powerless belkin forced alert ukrainian mafia chicago case thugs fail intercept moscow avoid capture brothers fly america separately viktor passes belkin thugs without any suspicion moscow ukrainian thugs chicago danila instead lands york city travels russian jewish brighton beach community buys cheap beat car travel chicago road breaks outside pennsylvania stranded saved trucker ben johnson ray toler picks despite danila limited english become close friends chicago ben shows danila much american life upon arrival chicago ben offers danila pick prostitute bald marylin turns russian dasha darya urgens lesnikova though interested sex gives money charity quickly snatched black american pimp moscow belkin determined catch danila background check revealed bald accompanying i e viktor professional assassin tatarin board flight chicago paranoid belkin warns manis re alerts ukrainian mafia chicago find simultaneously dismisses thug suggestion raid saltykova due fame instead commissions wire phone foreseeing upon departure danila created alibi travelling town few days keeps deceiving irina thus belkin throughout film viktor arrives ukrainian diaspora district chicago quickly spend money wisely gaining beating police officer enjoying american lifestyle making tours city dressed al capone danila sticks mission attempts meet dmitry gromov unable catch nor attempts rendezvous viktor successful viktor too much enjoying life badly needing translator decides find dasha travels black neighbourhood run savagely beaten dasha pimp henchmen police let basis recognizance revenge tricking same group beat selling weapons steals subterfuge afterwards dasha pimp attempts even turn killed danila leaving dasha choice finally viktor danila meet three enjoy evening camp fire beach lake michigan share experiences attitude towards american society dasha story how came early s exchange student worked escort service york finally degrading street hooker viktor hand much too impressed power money drives america danila instead shows patriotism offers dasha home replying i do you achieved here inferring social status viktor danila reminds things money buy philosophical discussion broken homeless black stumbles across insulted danila called negr knowing word insult english waiting fight dasha replies believes primal nature black people drive fear white makes ultimately stronger danila warning shot sand quickly forces attackers run afterwards danila finally move against mennis hits front club metro expecting mennis sneaks weapon toilet rock concert evening involving bi band kills every member mennis mafia encounters basement mennis turns absent viktor seeing picked tail ukrainian mafia decides draw kills hitman learning mafia operations morning danila climbs or floors skyscraper fire escape reach mennis office catches game chess killing colleague finally confronts alone continuing debate lakeside monologue russian american power really money arguing brother whose photo lying chess table believes theory danila instead thinks power lies truth implying mennis rich strong took money someone else thus tricked person right stronger conclusion demands mennis hand money took dmitry giving dmitry money danila sets home moscow unintentionally drives via ukrainian neighbourhood witnesses police siege around former headquarters ukrainian mafia viktor killed everyone inside dragged handcuffed viktor shouts intentions stay america film ends danila dasha taking moscow final call irina intercepted presumably belkin removed investors earlier scene face face told sum money set operation too much risked danilo dasha maralyn board plane moscow dasha told never able enter united states care signalling intention never visit america scene ends view plane heads russia,crime,action
"An astrologer shares a prediction with his Maharaja (Kamal Mehra) that in 18 years his daughter will marry a lower caste man who will push him from the throne. The frightened ruler immediately orders that all newborn lower caste male children be killed. But one boy's mother places her infant son into a basket, and floats him down the river. A royal maid (Praveen Paul) finds the child and saves him and raises him within the royal court. Over the next 18 years the boy grows to become the adult Amar (Dara Singh). He soon falls in love with the Maharaja's daughter (Mumtaz) and is appointed head of the Royal Site since the Maharajah believes him to be of noble birth. The scheming Prime Minister has his own designs on the princess, and it is not long before he orchestrates Amar's falling out of favor.",astrologer shares prediction maharaja kamal mehra years daughter marry lower caste push throne frightened ruler immediately orders newborn lower caste male children killed boy mother places infant son basket floats river royal maid praveen paul child saves raises within royal court years boy grows become adult amar dara singh falls love maharaja daughter mumtaz appointed head royal site since maharajah believes noble birth scheming prime minister designs princess long orchestrates amar falling favor,action,drama
"A former nude model and prostitute, Ruth is manageress of a London drinking club frequented by racing drivers, living in a flat above with her illegitimate son Andy. Another child is in the custody of her estranged husband's family. In the club she meets David, an immature young man from a well-off family who wants to succeed in motor racing but suffers from lack of money and overuse of alcohol. Ruth falls for his looks and charm, but it is a doomed relationship. Without a job he cannot afford to marry her and his family would never accept her. When he makes a drunken scene in the club, she is fired and made homeless. A wealthy admirer secures a flat for her and her son but she still sees David. When she tells him she is pregnant, he does nothing about it and she miscarries. Distraught, she goes to a house in Hampstead where she believes David is at a party. He comes out and goes with a girl to a pub. Ruth waits outside the pub and, when he emerges, kills him with four shots. She is arrested, tried and hanged.",former nude model prostitute ruth manageress london drinking club frequented racing drivers living flat above illegitimate son andy child custody estranged husband family club meets david immature young well family wants succeed motor racing suffers lack money overuse alcohol ruth falls looks charm doomed relationship without job cannot afford marry family would never accept makes drunken scene club fired made homeless wealthy admirer secures flat son sees david pregnant nothing miscarries distraught hampstead believes david party girl pub ruth waits outside pub emerges kills four shots arrested tried hanged,crime,drama
"The film is set in the end-times, or The Great Tribulation, after the rapture, when the earth has been taken over, and the mark of the Beast - an implant in the right hand or forehead - is being imposed on everyone worldwide. Those who take the mark become part of 'The Community', those who refuse are imprisoned and after three weeks are beheaded. Two non-Christian renegades (Kevin Downes and David A. R. White) steal a car for a friend who has also refused the mark. When they arrive at his place they find that he changed his mind and took the mark and feels so much happier. The two are then captured by police and taken to prison. Smuggler Tom Newman (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is also captured by a police unit led by Jessica Newman (Amy Moon), his ex-wife who took the mark. He is tortured until he agrees to infiltrate a Christian group in the prison in order to kill Elijah Cohen, a Christian leader who remains at large. Jessica warns him if he tries to escape, he will be captured and turned over to Preston Scott (Brad Heller), to be tortured. All three of them meet in prison and decide to try and escape, to a place called Prodigal City, a safe haven. Brody and Tom do not like this city and try to leave. Preston Scott meets up with them, and the two men are tortured. Tom refuses the mark and is beheaded, but Brody accepts, and claims, It was the wrong choice.",film set end times or great tribulation rapture earth taken mark beast implant right hand or forehead imposed everyone worldwide those mark become part community those refuse imprisoned three weeks beheaded non christian renegades kevin downes david r white steal car friend refused mark arrive place find changed mind took mark feels much happier captured police taken prison smuggler tom newman jeffrey dean morgan captured police unit led jessica newman amy moon ex wife took mark tortured until agrees infiltrate christian group prison order kill elijah cohen christian leader remains large jessica warns escape captured turned preston scott brad heller tortured three meet prison decide try escape place called prodigal city safe haven brody tom do like city try leave preston scott meets men tortured tom refuses mark beheaded brody accepts claims wrong choice,action,horror
"This film involves a young, beautiful 16-year-old girl, Mehna, filled with ambitions of becoming a teacher. She is an attractive, intelligent woman living in a small community and experiences great love when sees the new vet who has come to visit. Many are impressed by this charming young fellow who has entered the village. He seems to be a wealthy, prosperous man and soon develops a relationship with Mehna. Mehna, who is deep in love, sacrifices her opportunity to study in the teaching college course to spend time with him. Little does she know, that he has not yet revealed his true colours when he leaves her and retires from the village when she refuses to commit to him. Sri Devi's distant cousin played by Amol Palekar is mentally retarded, and because he is lame, he is taken advantage of and isolated by the society. He is secretly in love with Mehna, and when he sees her in love with the vet, he is jealous and upset. After being shunned by the vet, Mehna has a new perspective on life and begins to accept Amol Palekar's character, encouraging him to defend himself against those who constantly mock him. But when an evil, rowdy, villager, played by Kulbhushan Kharbanda, attempts to rape Mehna, Palekar's character kills him by throwing a brick at his head. Palekar's character is arrested for murder, and the film concludes with Sridevi waiting at a train station for his return. Her life is impacted by all three men in different ways.",film involves young beautiful year old girl mehna filled ambitions becoming teacher attractive intelligent woman living small community experiences great love sees vet visit many impressed charming young fellow entered village seems wealthy prosperous develops relationship mehna mehna deep love sacrifices opportunity study teaching college course spend time little know yet revealed true colours leaves retires village refuses commit sri devi distant cousin played amol palekar mentally retarded lame taken advantage isolated society secretly love mehna sees love vet jealous upset shunned vet mehna perspective life accept amol palekar character encouraging defend against those constantly mock evil rowdy villager played kulbhushan kharbanda attempts rape mehna palekar character kills throwing brick head palekar character arrested murder film concludes sridevi waiting train station return life impacted three men different ways,romance,drama
"The film is a fantastical journey through the looking-glass of history into the darkest recesses of the mind of Adolf Hitler. In a dreamlike subterranean environment removed from historical time, Adolf Hitler (Norman Rodway) confronts the demons of his own psyche. As he dictates his memoirs, Hitler encounters apparitions of his confidant, Joseph Goebbels (Joel Grey), his enigmatic mistress, Eva Braun (Camilla Soeberg), Hermann Göring (Glenn Shadix), Sigmund Freud (Peter Michael Goetz) and the mysterious Woman in Black (Hope Allen). Through haunting images, Hitler's stream-of-consciousness soliloquies and exchanges with his phantom guests, The Empty Mirror presents a frightening primer on genius and psychosis, domination and destruction. The action unfolds amidst a streaming flow of archival film footage intercut with images from Leni Riefenstahl's masterpiece of Nazi propaganda, Triumph of the Will, as well as private home movies shot by Eva Braun.",film fantastical journey looking glass history darkest recesses mind adolf hitler dreamlike subterranean environment removed historical time adolf hitler norman rodway confronts demons psyche dictates memoirs hitler encounters apparitions confidant joseph goebbels joel grey enigmatic mistress eva braun camilla soeberg hermann g ring glenn shadix sigmund freud peter michael goetz mysterious woman black hope allen haunting images hitler stream consciousness soliloquies exchanges phantom guests empty mirror presents frightening primer genius psychosis domination destruction action unfolds amidst streaming flow archival film footage intercut images leni riefenstahl masterpiece nazi propaganda triumph well private home movies shot eva braun,drama,horror
"The story covers seven generations of a family, from the beginning of the Tokugawa shogunate at the start of the 17th century to the early 1960s, and the extremes various members went to out of complete devotion and unswerving loyalty to lord, country or company.",story covers seven generations family beginning tokugawa shogunate start th century early s extremes various members went complete devotion unswerving loyalty lord country or company,action,drama
"At the beginning of the film, two lonesome Texas Rangers, Roland Sharp (Tommy Lee Jones) and Maggie Swanson (Liz Vassey), are going to a church in order to question Percy Stevens (Cedric the Entertainer) about the whereabouts of his former prison roommate, Morgan Ball, who they want to testify against organized crime boss John Cortland. Percy is indignant, telling Sharp and Swanson that he is a man of God and has not spoken with Ball in years. However, Percy's cellphone rings, displaying Ball's name. Sharp and Swanson track down Ball to the warehouse, where Ball gives Sharp a key in an attempt to buy him off. Instead, Sharp takes the key and forces Ball outside, where FBI agent Eddie Zane (Brian Van Holt) is waiting. As they talk, a sniper begins shooting, wounding Swanson and giving Ball a chance to escape. It is revealed the sniper is after Ball, and a group of cheerleaders from the University of Texas at Austin witness his murder. Agent Zane is found shot in the arm next to Ball's body and claims he didn't see the sniper. Anne (Christina Milian), Teresa (Paula Garcés), Evie (Monica Keena), Heather (Vanessa Ferlito) and Barb (Kelli Garner) are taken to the police station, where they all have conflicting descriptions of the shooter. Sharp is given the task of protecting the girls at all times, because their fathers are worried about them. The information is relayed to him by the Governor of Texas (Rick Perry). It is revealed that Sharp is divorced and has a daughter, Emma (Shannon Marie Woodward) who is in high school and doesn't feel as though her father had ever been around. John Cortland is been exonerated from all charges pressed against him due to a lack of evidence. FBI Agent Zane is revealed to be working with Cortland, having killed Ball and shot himself in the arm. Cortland scolds Zane for letting some loose ends escape, and Zane begins searching for Sharp and the cheerleaders; he also kills the sniper he hired. With Swanson in the hospital recovering from her near-fatal wound, Sharp and two additional rangers must now pick the girls up from school and secure their sorority house. Sharp moves in with the girls and the two young men with him move into the fraternity house across the street, where they end up busting a drug deal. Sharp sets some ground rules, including no cell phones. He also tells them to cover up in his presence (referring to the girls' revealing clothes). When they fail to comply, he orders a massive industrial air conditioner, forcing them to dress warmly. Sharp is posing as a cheerleading coach specializing in conditioning, and at a Longhorns football game he tackles an opposing team's mascot when the mascot approaches the girls with a gun, later revealed to be a water gun. Other humorous mishaps occur, but Sharp's relationship with the girls begins to strengthen; Barb even begins to develop a crush on him. However, Sharp finds himself attracted to Barb's English teacher Molly (Anne Archer) who calls him into her office to complain about Barb's plagiarism. Later he invites her over for dinner, which the girls coach him through using an earpiece and tiny video screen. After they fall asleep, he turns it off and woos Molly himself. He admits to the girls about his last failed marriage and the way he feels about his estranged daughter. This interests Evie, who has a 4.0 GPA and wants to write a paper on Emma. She uses the house's emergency phone to call her, revealing Sharp's location to Zane, who had contacted Emma. Sharp takes the girls to a spirit rally, where he is forced to give a speech about cheerleading. He becomes more and more impassioned, proving to the girls he finally gets it. The night is ruined, however, when Sharp realizes in the nick of time that somebody put a bomb under their van, and Teresa (who was convinced that nobody was after them) is almost killed when her seatbelt gets stuck. Sharp saves her, and she admits that maybe someone is trying to kill them. Evie tells Sharp she contacted Emma, and when Sharp calls his daughter he learns that Zane has her. He tells Sharp to take the key Ball gave him to open a lockbox, both of them unaware the cheerleaders are listening in. The next day Sharp gets the money out of the lockbox and drives to where Zane instructs him. Zane gives Sharp instructions over a cell phone, telling him he will shoot Emma if Sharp disobeys. After Sharp handcuffs himself to the steering wheel, Zane thanks him and tells him he's a good parent. Zane takes off with the money, Sharp's keys and phone, and Emma. Zane and Emma get on a bus, but as it pulls away Sharp sees Barb in the back. As he wonders what is going on, Heather gets in the car with him and picks his handcuffs. They take off after the bus in a stolen Volkswagen Beetle. On the bus, Teresa pretends to go into labor and Evie demands the bus be stopped. She attempts to steal the bag with the money, but Zane pulls a gun and Evie runs away from the bus. Zane forces all of the other passengers and the driver out, taking over driving the bus himself. Emma is rescued by the cheerleaders, but Zane attempts to drive to Mexico with the bag to hide. Sharp shoots a wheel, causing the bus to flip over 90 degrees. Zane gets out the bus, his face injured after he hits the bus's ceiling. The Mexico-United States border closes and the border officers draw guns on him, forcing him to surrender. Sharp shoots the gun out of Zane's hand, and handcuffs him with the very same cuffs Heather freed him from earlier. He and Emma are reunited. At the end of the film, Cortland is arrested and taken back to court, Sharp and Molly are married, and Emma and the cheerleaders are part of the wedding.",beginning film lonesome texas rangers roland sharp tommy lee jones maggie swanson liz vassey going church order question percy stevens cedric entertainer whereabouts former prison roommate morgan ball want testify against organized crime boss john cortland percy indignant telling sharp swanson god spoken ball years percy cellphone rings displaying ball name sharp swanson track ball warehouse ball gives sharp key attempt buy instead sharp key forces ball outside fbi agent eddie zane brian van holt waiting talk sniper shooting wounding swanson giving ball chance escape revealed sniper ball group cheerleaders university texas austin witness murder agent zane found shot arm ball body claims did see sniper anne christina milian teresa paula garc s evie monica keena heather vanessa ferlito barb kelli garner taken police station conflicting descriptions shooter sharp given task protecting girls times fathers worried information relayed governor texas rick perry revealed sharp divorced daughter emma shannon marie woodward high school feel though ever around john cortland exonerated charges pressed against due lack evidence fbi agent zane revealed working cortland killed ball shot arm cortland scolds zane letting loose ends escape zane searching sharp cheerleaders kills sniper hired swanson hospital recovering near fatal wound sharp additional rangers must pick girls school secure sorority sharp moves girls young men move fraternity across street end busting drug deal sharp sets ground rules including cell phones cover presence referring girls revealing clothes fail comply orders massive industrial air conditioner forcing dress warmly sharp posing cheerleading coach specializing conditioning longhorns football game tackles opposing team mascot mascot approaches girls gun revealed water gun humorous mishaps occur sharp relationship girls strengthen barb even develop crush sharp attracted barb english teacher molly anne archer calls office complain barb plagiarism invites dinner girls coach using earpiece tiny video screen fall asleep turns woos molly admits girls last failed marriage feels estranged daughter interests evie gpa wants write paper emma uses emergency phone call revealing sharp location zane contacted emma sharp girls spirit rally forced give speech cheerleading impassioned proving girls finally night ruined sharp realizes nick time somebody put bomb under van teresa convinced nobody almost killed seatbelt stuck sharp saves admits maybe someone trying kill evie sharp contacted emma sharp calls daughter learns zane sharp key ball gave open lockbox unaware cheerleaders listening day sharp money lockbox drives zane instructs zane gives sharp instructions cell phone telling shoot emma sharp disobeys sharp handcuffs steering wheel zane thanks good parent zane money sharp keys phone emma zane emma bus pulls sharp sees barb wonders going heather car picks handcuffs bus stolen volkswagen beetle bus teresa pretends labor evie demands bus stopped attempts steal bag money zane pulls gun evie runs bus zane forces passengers driver taking driving bus emma rescued cheerleaders zane attempts drive mexico bag hide sharp shoots wheel causing bus flip degrees zane bus face injured hits bus ceiling mexico united states border closes border officers draw guns forcing surrender sharp shoots gun zane hand handcuffs very same cuffs heather freed earlier emma reunited end film cortland arrested taken court sharp molly married emma cheerleaders part wedding,comedy,horror
"Deprived of their father's love, David and his brother Tony lost their mother too when they were very young. With the help of an aunty, who was also a social worker, they seek admission in a school in the city. However the school authorities grant permission to admit only one among them. Being elder one, David suggests to sent Tony. He wants Tony to become a doctor, so that no further death occurs in his village owing to deprival of medical consultation at the right time, which happened to their mother. So Tony was sent to city, and David becomes a grave digger in the village in order to meet his brothers needs. As time passes by, Tony becomes a doctor. However he needs to pay donation of 1 Lakh to pursue his MD in college. He comes to village to spend a few days with his brother. As he was about to take leave, David handles him a new gold chain with their photos in the locket. Tony reminds David of the donation amount just before boarding the bus. David is astonished to hear the same, and he feels quite dejected. He try to borrow the money from a money-lender in the village, however since he didnt have anything to keep as security, he is sent empty-handed. One night David is approached by two men to burry a body. He doesnt take it as they fail to produce the death certificate of the corpse. However, when they quote an amount of 1 lakh, he had to think again on his decision, and finally agrees to burry the corpse. After taking the money, he buries the corpse which was in a sack, as it is. He then moves to his mother's graveyard to and tells that it was for his brothers sake that he had stood to bury this body illegally, and he is willing to accept any punishment for the same. A strong wind blows away the currency notes held in his hand. In the process of extracting the flying notes, something gets stuck in his fingers. To his shock, he finds it to be the gold chain he had gifted to Tony. Confused at this, he re-opens the buried corpse and remove the sack from the dead body to see that the corpse he had just burried was that of his brother Tony's. David then leaves to city to find out the truth behind his brothers death. Life becomes difficult for him as a series of murders occur in the medical college, with each of the victims possessing some vital clues regarding Tony's death. Will David be able to succeed in his mission despite unfavourable circumstances?",deprived love david brother tony lost mother too were very young aunty social worker seek admission school city school authorities grant permission admit among elder david suggests sent tony wants tony become doctor further death occurs village owing deprival medical consultation right time happened mother tony sent city david grave digger village order meet brothers needs time passes tony doctor needs pay donation lakh pursue md college village spend few days brother leave david handles gold chain photos locket tony reminds david donation amount boarding bus david astonished hear same feels quite dejected try borrow money money lender village since didnt anything keep security sent empty handed night david approached men burry body doesnt fail produce death certificate corpse quote amount lakh think decision finally agrees burry corpse taking money buries corpse sack moves mother graveyard brothers sake stood bury body illegally willing accept any punishment same strong wind blows currency notes held hand process extracting flying notes something stuck fingers shock gold chain gifted tony confused re opens buried corpse remove sack dead body see corpse burried brother tony david leaves city find truth behind brothers death life difficult series murders occur medical college each victims possessing vital clues regarding tony death david able succeed mission despite unfavourable circumstances,action,drama
"Shambhu (Om Prakash) is a village Chowkidar (night watchman), who is helpful to the poor that are oppressed by Lala Dinanath (Jeevan). He has a sister who was missing for about a year. One night during the patrol, he finds his sister coming from the house of the village chief Thakur Ranvir Singh. It turns out that his sister had a love affair with the Thakur and went into hiding once she got pregnant and now the Thakur is not accepting the girl child. Shambhu's sister hands him the baby and commits suicide by jumping into a nearby river. Shambhu first takes the baby girl to Thakur, who again rejects the baby and dies accidentally in an attempt to shoot at Shambhu. Shambhu raises the girl child on his own. Meanwhile, Lala Dinanath has a son, whom he sent to the city for higher education and to become a doctor. He expects that his doctor son will help him in earning more money by exploiting the poor villagers. Thakur also has a son, whom he also sent to city for better education. After few years, Dinanath's son Shyam (Sanjeev Kumar), now a doctor, returns to village and is appalled by the condition of the village and finds out that his father is the main reason. He decides to stay in the village and nurse them to wipe away his father's sins. Dr. Shyam's kindness toward the village people earns his respect and praise all around, but makes his father angry, as he is not earning any money. He subsequently forms a romantic relationship with Shambhu's grown up niece Radha (Yogeeta Bali). Thakur's son Gopal (Vinod Khanna) becomes a playboy and return home to occupy his father's position, with his friend Vilaitiram (Ram Mohan). Vilaitiram is looking for an opportunity to blackmail Gopal with the help of dancer Bela (Jayshree T.). When Gopal tries to make advances toward Radha when he sees her for first time, she resists and ends up injuring Gopal. With the help of Vilaitiram, Gopal sends his goons to kill Radha, but Dr. Shyam saves her. Realising that he can never lay hands on Radha as long as Shyam is present, Gopal calls Bela to the village. Bela traps Shyam in a small home and accuses him of raping her in front of the whole village. Heartbroken, Radha and Shambu decide to leave the village. As the job is done by Bela, she is no longer required and Vilaitiram tries to kill her. Again, Gopal comes and saves her. Now realising her mistake, she confesses everything to Shyam. Meanwhile, Gopal's goon had kidnapped Radha. So, now vindicated, Shyam goes to save Radha and just reaches in time. A fight starts between Gopal and Shyam. Gopal's paternal aunt comes and stops the fight. She tells everyone that Radha is actually Gopal's sister, a secret she and Shambhu had been hiding since long ago, but now it is necessary to tell everyone. Deeply ashamed, Gopal decides to self immolate and burns the house. But Radha and others forgive him and stop him from killing himself. The story ends in peace with Gopal accepting Radha as his sister.",shambhu om prakash village chowkidar night watchman helpful poor oppressed lala dinanath jeevan sister missing year night patrol sister coming village chief thakur ranvir singh turns sister love affair thakur went hiding once got pregnant thakur accepting girl child shambhu sister hands baby commits suicide jumping nearby river shambhu baby girl thakur rejects baby dies accidentally attempt shoot shambhu shambhu raises girl child lala dinanath son whom sent city higher education become doctor expects doctor son earning money exploiting poor villagers thakur son whom sent city better education few years dinanath son shyam sanjeev kumar doctor returns village appalled condition village main reason decides stay village nurse wipe sins dr shyam kindness toward village people earns respect praise around makes angry earning any money subsequently forms romantic relationship shambhu grown niece radha yogeeta bali thakur son gopal vinod khanna playboy return home occupy position friend vilaitiram ram mohan vilaitiram looking opportunity blackmail gopal dancer bela jayshree t gopal advances toward radha sees time resists ends injuring gopal vilaitiram gopal sends goons kill radha dr shyam saves realising never lay hands radha long shyam present gopal calls bela village bela traps shyam small home accuses raping front whole village heartbroken radha shambu decide leave village job done bela longer required vilaitiram kill gopal saves realising mistake confesses everything shyam gopal goon kidnapped radha vindicated shyam save radha reaches time fight starts gopal shyam gopal paternal aunt stops fight everyone radha actually gopal sister secret shambhu hiding since long ago necessary tell everyone deeply ashamed gopal decides self immolate burns radha others forgive stop killing story ends peace gopal accepting radha sister,drama,romance
"Two years after the second season, an unknown alien fragment landed on a research station and reactivates it, causing it to head towards Earth. In Celestial Being's Asteroid Base, Ian Vashti greets his wife, Linda, after her 2-year assignment and unloads two new GN Drives and a new incomplete Gundam, the GNT-0000 00 Qan[T]. In the 2 years that has passed since the defeat of the Innovators and A-Laws, Saji Crossroad arrived at an Earth Federation Hospital to be with Louise Halevy, who is still under medical care due to physical changes by the Innovators. Marina Ismail and Shirin Bakhtiar inspect a colony construction facility but their shuttle was attacked by an assassin, piloting a GNX-609T GN-XIII. However Setsuna F. Seiei arrives in a customized Colony Flag and destroys them, with Lockon in the cockpit stopping the assassin from killing Marina and left with Setsuna. Meanwhile, the Earth Sphere Federation has found the research station heading towards earth and sends out GN-XIV's, led by Andrei Smirnov, to destroy it. Kati Mannequin arrived on board the Celestial Being station with Patrick Colasour and encounter Veda along with its surviving Innovades, now serving the Federation to maintain the mothership. They later meet the newest emerging Innovator, Captain Descartes Shaman. When the probe ship is still heading towards Earth despite being hit by GN missiles, Descartes heads out and pilots the GNMA-Y0002V Gadelaza, successfully destroying the ship with debris falling to Earth. Soon after, Earth experiences strange events, with electronic vehicles and devices operating on their own. Later Amia Lee arrives at her home, only to be attacked by a man (Sky Eclipse) in a space suit. Billy Katagiri meets with Mehna Carmine to analyze Amia whose body has been partially assimilated with a new metal. They hypothesize that the events occurring are related to the alien metal lifeform, now dubbed the Extraterrestrial Living-metal Shape-shifters (ELS). During this time, Setsuna and Louise's quantum brainwaves give them ominous feelings about upcoming events. Setsuna's concern magnifies when the Ptolemaios crew is unable to contact Allelujah and Marie. In the Earth Federation Hospital, Saji witnesses a blackout in the building with Louise. They scream as a man (Sky Eclipse) in a spacesuit appears before them. He is about to touch Louise when Setsuna appeares and shoots the man's visor, revealing him to be the same type of Innovator as Ribbons Almark. Setsuna throws a plastique on him, killing him. In Mongolia, a traveling Allelujah Haptism and Marie Parfacy are attacked and chased by living technology infected by the ELS. Lockon Stratos arrives in the GN-002RE Gundam Dynames Repair and helps destroy them. The same Jupiter research station that had been destroyed reappears and Celestial Being attacks. Setsuna heads out in the 00 Raiser Condenser Type, along with Lockon in his new Gundam, the Zabanya, and Allelujah, paired with Marie in the Gundam Harute, confront the ELS. Problems began to arise when Setsuna is unable to fight the ELS due to quantum brainwave interference. The 00 Raiser begins to undergo assimilation, however Tieria Erde arrives in the Raphael Gundam and rips out 00 Raiser's infected left arm, allowing Setsuna and the team to escape. Unknown to both the Federation and Ptolemaios crew, the ELS had begun launching its forces from Jupiter's Big Red Spot, sucking in Io and Ganymede. The Federation forces later travel to Mars in order to discover the ELS's intentions, with Descartes heading out first in the Gadelaza. However most of its ships and Mobile suits were assimilated, and Descartes ends up being assimilated as well, killing him in the process. Celestial Being arrives too late to save the Federation soldiers and engaged in battle against them. Setsuna executes Trans-Am Burst in an attempt to communicate with the ELS, theorizing that this is the dialogues to come that Aeolia Schenberg was conditioning humanity for. Unfortunately, Setsuna falls victim to a mental attack from the ELS and is rendered comatose in the middle of battle. Tieria reveals Raphael Gundam's backpack, GN-008RE Seravee Gundam II, and rips 00 Raiser's cockpit from the frame, handing it to Lockon as Tieria tries to hold off the ELS with his quantum brainwaves. With the ELS surrounding him, Tieria self-destructs his Gundam to take out ELS with him. The Sol Brave Squadron, led by Graham Aker, arrive and help Celestial Being escape. Tieria's conscious mind returns to Veda and Feldt Grace desperately awaits at Setsuna's side to awaken. After the battle, the Ptolemaios crew and the Earth Sphere Federation witness the appearance of a large moon-size ELS, determining that it will arrive at Earth in 92 days. With most of the civilians being informed of the situation and heading towards shelters, Saji tells Louise that he's going to the Orbital Elevator to help fight the ELS as the last line of defense. In the day of the ELS's arrival, the Federation launch a counterattack against the ELS using the Celestial Being ship's main cannon. Kati, in charge of the operation, orders to fire its main cannon, which has damaged the ELS superstructure. During this time, Tieria requests that Ian Vashti install a miniature Veda terminal in the cockpit of 00 Qan[T] to handle the massive amounts of information that would result from linking with the ELS again. During the battle, many of the Federation's Baikal-class ships were assimilated by the ELS, who subsequently created their own copies of the technology. Zabanya and Harute arrive to assist the ESF in battle. Despite the much needed backup, the ELS still overwhelms the ESF forces and assimilates many ships and Mobile Suits. Andrei Smirnov notices one of the ELS ships heading straight for Earth and uses Trans-Am in its overloading state, self-destructing his GNX and destroying the ELS ship it at the cost of his life. Meanwhile, on board the Ptolemaios 2, a still-comatose Setsuna lies in a dream-like state. There, he has visions of the first Lockon, Christina Sierra, and Lichtendahl Tsery. Setsuna then sees the flower that Feldt gave him. He finally wakes up with Feldt at his side. He sorties in the GNT-0000 00 Qan[T] for battle, while Feldt returns to the bridge. In battle, Patrick's GN-XIV is hit by an ELS and is slowly assimilated. He prepares to self-destruct before saying goodbyes to Kati, when Setsuna blasts Patrick's GNX, saving him from assimilation. With a large number of ELS appearing, the Harute is eventually assimilated and Allelujah and Marie are forced to eject. Setsuna attempts to communicate with the ELS via the Twin Drive’s quantum effect, but it is to no avail as the ELS constantly thwart Setsuna's attempts. Tieria, now a small hologram inside of the 00 Qan[T], tells Setsuna that Trans-Am is necessary for the dialogues. Graham Aker, now partially assimilated, decides to believe in a better future for humanity and sacrifices himself to create a large hole using Trans-Am, allowing Setsuna to enter the core of the ELS ship. After Setsuna establishes contact, he realizes the attack was a misunderstanding as assimilation was their only means to understand humanity. It also revealed that the ELS's original homeworld had been consumed by a red giant star and they began searching the universe for a new home. Along the way they reformed various planets and eventually found a new home, eventually setting out into the vast reaches of space to explore the universe. Through Setsuna's quantum brainwaves, the true intention of the ELS's arrival to Earth was understood, and the battle was halted. Setsuna becomes humanity's liaison and uses the 00 Qan[T] to quantize to the ELS homeworld. The ELS then uses Setsuna's vision of a flower to alter the superstructure of their mother ship, ending the battle. In a flashback, a much younger Aeolia Schenberg speaking with E. A. Ray, the human base for Ribbons Almark, of his plan and comments that humanity must unite if they hope to have any chance of reaching the future. Fifty years later, the flower in space is now a deep space station for intergalactic travel, with the ELS now co-existing with humanity. A ship named after Sumeragi is being prepared for travel, being crewed by Innovators. As a news correspondent is talking on camera, a Tieria type Innovade can be seen floating by. In an undisclosed countryside, a blind and older Marina is playing the piano and senses someone entering. He reveals himself as Setsuna, now an ELS/Innovator hybrid, fulfilling his promise to see her again. Setsuna tells a crying Marina that he finally understands her message of peace, and they share an emotional embrace. Outside, an ELS winged 00 Qan[T] covered in flowers emits GN Particles in an angelic fashion.",years second season unknown alien fragment landed research station reactivates causing head towards earth celestial asteroid base ian vashti greets wife linda year assignment unloads gn drives incomplete gundam gnt qan t years passed since defeat innovators laws saji crossroad arrived earth federation hospital louise halevy under medical care due physical changes innovators marina ismail shirin bakhtiar inspect colony construction facility shuttle attacked assassin piloting gnx t gn xiii setsuna f seiei arrives customized colony flag destroys lockon cockpit stopping assassin killing marina left setsuna earth sphere federation found research station heading towards earth sends gn xiv led andrei smirnov destroy kati mannequin arrived board celestial station patrick colasour encounter veda along surviving innovades serving federation maintain mothership meet newest emerging innovator captain descartes shaman probe ship heading towards earth despite hit gn missiles descartes heads pilots gnma y v gadelaza successfully destroying ship debris falling earth earth experiences strange events electronic vehicles devices operating amia lee arrives home attacked sky eclipse space suit billy katagiri meets mehna carmine analyze amia whose body partially assimilated metal hypothesize events occurring related alien metal lifeform dubbed extraterrestrial living metal shape shifters els time setsuna louise quantum brainwaves give ominous feelings upcoming events setsuna concern magnifies ptolemaios crew unable contact allelujah marie earth federation hospital saji witnesses blackout building louise scream sky eclipse spacesuit appears touch louise setsuna appeares shoots visor revealing same type innovator ribbons almark setsuna throws plastique killing mongolia traveling allelujah haptism marie parfacy attacked chased living technology infected els lockon stratos arrives gn re gundam dynames repair helps destroy same jupiter research station destroyed reappears celestial attacks setsuna heads raiser condenser type along lockon gundam zabanya allelujah paired marie gundam harute confront els problems began arise setsuna unable fight els due quantum brainwave interference raiser undergo assimilation tieria erde arrives raphael gundam rips raiser infected left arm allowing setsuna team escape unknown federation ptolemaios crew els begun launching forces jupiter big red spot sucking io ganymede federation forces travel mars order discover els intentions descartes heading gadelaza most ships mobile suits were assimilated descartes ends assimilated well killing process celestial arrives too late save federation soldiers engaged battle against setsuna executes trans am burst attempt communicate els theorizing dialogues aeolia schenberg conditioning humanity unfortunately setsuna falls victim mental attack els rendered comatose middle battle tieria reveals raphael gundam backpack gn re seravee gundam ii rips raiser cockpit frame handing lockon tieria hold els quantum brainwaves els surrounding tieria self destructs gundam els sol brave squadron led graham aker arrive celestial escape tieria conscious mind returns veda feldt grace desperately awaits setsuna side awaken battle ptolemaios crew earth sphere federation witness appearance large moon size els determining arrive earth days most civilians informed situation heading towards shelters saji louise going orbital elevator fight els last line defense day els arrival federation launch counterattack against els using celestial ship main cannon kati charge operation orders fire main cannon damaged els superstructure time tieria requests ian vashti install miniature veda terminal cockpit qan t handle massive amounts information would result linking els battle many federation baikal class ships were assimilated els subsequently created copies technology zabanya harute arrive assist esf battle despite much needed backup els overwhelms esf forces assimilates many ships mobile suits andrei smirnov notices els ships heading straight earth uses trans am overloading state self destructing gnx destroying els ship cost life board ptolemaios comatose setsuna lies dream like state visions lockon christina sierra lichtendahl tsery setsuna sees flower feldt gave finally wakes feldt side sorties gnt qan t battle feldt returns bridge battle patrick gn xiv hit els slowly assimilated prepares self destruct saying goodbyes kati setsuna blasts patrick gnx saving assimilation large number els appearing harute assimilated allelujah marie forced eject setsuna attempts communicate els via twin drive s quantum effect avail els constantly thwart setsuna attempts tieria small hologram inside qan t setsuna trans am necessary dialogues graham aker partially assimilated decides believe better future humanity sacrifices create large hole using trans am allowing setsuna enter core els ship setsuna establishes contact realizes attack misunderstanding assimilation means understand humanity revealed els original homeworld consumed red giant star began searching universe home along reformed various planets found home setting vast reaches space explore universe setsuna quantum brainwaves true intention els arrival earth understood battle halted setsuna humanity liaison uses qan t quantize els homeworld els uses setsuna vision flower alter superstructure mother ship ending battle flashback much younger aeolia schenberg speaking e ray human base ribbons almark plan comments humanity must unite hope any chance reaching future fifty years flower space deep space station intergalactic travel els co existing humanity ship named sumeragi prepared travel crewed innovators news correspondent talking camera tieria type innovade seen floating undisclosed countryside blind older marina playing piano senses someone entering reveals setsuna els innovator hybrid fulfilling promise see setsuna crying marina finally understands message peace share emotional embrace outside els winged qan t covered flowers emits gn particles angelic fashion,animation,sci-fi
"Mike (John Moulder Brown), a 15-year-old dropout, finds a job in a public bath. There he is trained by his co-worker Susan (Jane Asher), a woman ten years his senior. Susan is a tease who plays with Mike's and other men's feelings, acting sometimes warm and affectionate and other times cold and distant. Working in the bathhouse turns out to involve providing services to clients of a more or less sexual nature, in exchange for a tip. For example, an older woman (Diana Dors) is sexually stimulated by pushing Mike's head into her bosom and talking suggestively about football. Mike is confused by this and at first does not want to accept the tip he gets, but Susan tells him that these services are a normal practice, including exchange of her female clients for his male clients whenever a client prefers the opposite sex. Mike fantasizes about Susan and falls in love with her, even though she has a wealthy and handsome young fiancé, Chris (Chris Sandford). Mike also discovers that Susan is cheating on her fiancé with an older, married man (Karl Michael Vogler) who was Mike's physical education teacher and works at the baths as a swimming instructor for teenage girls, touching them inappropriately. Mike begins following Susan on her dates with Chris and the instructor and trying to disrupt them. Although Susan often gets angry at Mike for this, she provides just enough encouragement to cause him to continue the behavior. Mike's infatuation with Susan continues despite his friends mocking him, his mother being treated rudely by Susan, his bicycle being destroyed by Susan, and his activities drawing the ire of Susan's boyfriends, local police, and Mike's boss at work. Obsessed with Susan, Mike refuses other outlets for sex, such as his former girlfriend and a prostitute who offers him a discount. While following Susan on a date, Mike sees and steals a life-size advertising photo cutout of a naked girl who resembles Susan. He confronts Susan with it on the London Underground, flying into a violent tantrum in front of other passengers when Susan teasingly refuses to tell him whether she posed for the nude photo. Mike then takes the cutout to the deserted baths after hours and swims naked with it, embracing it. The next morning, Mike disrupts the instructor's foot race and punctures the tyres of the instructor's car while Susan is driving it. Susan gets mad and hits Mike, in the process losing the diamond from her new engagement ring in the snow. Anxious to find the lost diamond, Mike and Susan collect the surrounding snow in plastic bags and take it back to the closed baths to melt it, using a lowered ceiling lamp outlet to heat an electric kettle in the empty pool. While Susan is briefly out of the room, Mike finds the diamond in the melted snow, and lies down naked in the dry pool with the diamond on his tongue. He teases Susan by refusing to give her the diamond until she undresses. She does so, he gives her the diamond and she is about to leave, but she reconsiders and lies down next to him. They have a sexual encounter, although it is not clear whether Mike is able to perform. Chris then telephones and Susan rushes around the empty pool hurriedly gathering her clothes to go and meet him. Mike begs her to stay and talk to him, but Susan insists she has to leave. Meanwhile an attendant has arrived, who, unaware of the presence of Mike and Susan, opens the valve to start filling the dry pool with water. Mike becomes more insistent, chasing Susan around the rapidly filling pool, and finally hitting her in the head with the ceiling lamp, severely injuring her. She falls (along with a tin of red paint that resembles blood) into the water of the pool. Mike embraces the dying, nude Susan underwater, just as he embraced the photo cutout.",mike john moulder brown year old dropout job public bath trained co worker susan jane asher woman ten years senior susan tease plays mike men feelings acting sometimes warm affectionate times cold distant working bathhouse turns involve providing services clients or less sexual nature exchange tip example older woman diana dors sexually stimulated pushing mike head bosom talking suggestively football mike confused want accept tip susan these services normal practice including exchange female clients male clients whenever client prefers opposite sex mike fantasizes susan falls love even though wealthy handsome young fianc chris chris sandford mike discovers susan cheating fianc older married karl michael vogler mike physical education teacher works baths swimming instructor teenage girls touching inappropriately mike following susan dates chris instructor trying disrupt although susan often angry mike provides enough encouragement cause continue behavior mike infatuation susan continues despite friends mocking mother treated rudely susan bicycle destroyed susan activities drawing ire susan boyfriends local police mike boss work obsessed susan mike refuses outlets sex such former girlfriend prostitute offers discount following susan date mike sees steals life size advertising photo cutout naked girl resembles susan confronts susan london underground flying violent tantrum front passengers susan teasingly refuses tell whether posed nude photo mike cutout deserted baths hours swims naked embracing morning mike disrupts instructor foot race punctures tyres instructor car susan driving susan mad hits mike process losing diamond engagement ring snow anxious find lost diamond mike susan collect surrounding snow plastic bags closed baths melt using lowered ceiling lamp outlet heat electric kettle empty pool susan briefly room mike diamond melted snow lies naked dry pool diamond tongue teases susan refusing give diamond until undresses gives diamond leave reconsiders lies sexual encounter although clear whether mike able perform chris telephones susan rushes around empty pool hurriedly gathering clothes meet mike begs stay talk susan insists leave attendant arrived unaware presence mike susan opens valve start filling dry pool water mike insistent chasing susan around rapidly filling pool finally hitting head ceiling lamp severely injuring falls along tin red paint resembles blood water pool mike embraces dying nude susan underwater embraced photo cutout,drama,horror
"Jim Dixon is a young lecturer in history at a redbrick university, who manages to offend his head of department and create various disastrous incidents. When he eventually delivers a lecture drunk, he feels forced to resign. But just as his career seems over, he is offered a job in London, and when he learns that the girl of his dreams is on her way to the railway station, he chases after her in the professor's old car. The professor's whole family chases after, and arrives at the station just in time to see Jim and the girl disappear on the train to London.",jim dixon young lecturer history redbrick university manages offend head department create various disastrous incidents delivers lecture drunk feels forced resign career seems offered job london learns girl dreams railway station chases professor old car professor whole family chases arrives station time see jim girl disappear train london,comedy,drama
"Sue Fleming's suitcase opens by accident, dropping her clothes from a double-decker bus onto Norman Winthrop. She retrieves her belongings and enters the New York City bus terminal. Intrigued, he follows her and returns a garter belt she overlooked. Steve Borden, the man she is involved with, calls her on the phone (though he is also in the terminal) and tells her to buy a ticket to San Francisco. Afterward, she sees him with another woman. They board the bus too. Norman, who is supposed to go to San Francisco by train, decides to travel by bus instead. Murphy has orders from Norman's father to keep him away from women. To Murphy's satisfaction, Sue rebuffs Norman's initial attempts to become better acquainted. May gives all her money to a friend, but manages to charm the bus driver, various relief drivers and Willy, a talkative, know-it-all passenger, into letting her ride for free. When the bus stops in Poughkeepsie, Steve and Nita Borden prove to be con artists, selling bibles at inflated prices to those who have lost loved ones recently, claiming they were specially ordered by the deceased. Nita, suspecting what is going on, later chats with Sue and introduces her husband, Steve. A disgusted Sue breaks up with Steve. She then makes a date with the persistent Norman at Niagara Falls. While Norman is getting ready, Murphy steals his clothes, but Norman goes with Sue to see the Falls wearing a raincoat provided by the tour company. When a tour employee demands the raincoat, Norman is shown to have only a bath towel on underneath. Norman arranges a candle-lit dinner for two in Chicago, but Murphy invites all the other passengers. When the bus later has engine trouble, the passengers go to a nearby carnival, where Norman challenges Sue to a bow and arrow contest; the prize, if he wins, is a kiss, but she proves to be a much better shot. Later, though, Sue finally lets him kiss her. In Denver, Sue goes shopping in a department store. Steve takes her into a tent in the sporting goods department and tries to get her back, but she turns him down. Nita finds them together. Sue tells her that she is through with Steve, but Nita does not believe her. After Sue leaves, Nita informs Steve that she is going to tell the police all about his scams, so he kills her with a bow and arrow. It is nearly closing time, so he is able to conceal the corpse in a window display as a mannequin. Back on the bus, Steve claims his wife is visiting friends in Denver. Then he tells Norman that Sue broke off their engagement. Norman believes him. When Nita's body is discovered, the police stop the bus and question Steve. Sue states she left after Nita found the two of them in the store, but Steve claims that it was he who left. When Sue's archery skills are revealed, she is taken into custody. However, Norman is able to cast suspicion on Steve too. The police decide to take everyone to Reno, but as they start to board the bus, Steve suddenly forces the driver at gunpoint to speed away, with Sue as the only other passenger. Then Steve takes the wheel and makes the driver jump off. Norman and the police land an airplane on the road ahead of the bus. Steve dies after crashing into it, but Sue is all right. When the bus reaches San Francisco, May and Willy prepare to get married, but he is arrested for bigamy. Norman and Murphy head to a lumber camp in Washington state, where Norman and Sue (and Murphy and May) pair off.",sue fleming suitcase opens accident dropping clothes double decker bus onto norman winthrop retrieves belongings enters york city bus terminal intrigued follows returns garter belt overlooked steve borden involved calls phone though terminal buy ticket san francisco afterward sees woman board bus too norman supposed san francisco train decides travel bus instead murphy orders norman keep women murphy satisfaction sue rebuffs norman initial attempts become better acquainted may gives money friend manages charm bus driver various relief drivers willy talkative know passenger letting ride free bus stops poughkeepsie steve nita borden prove con artists selling bibles inflated prices those lost loved ones recently claiming were specially ordered deceased nita suspecting going chats sue introduces husband steve disgusted sue breaks steve makes date persistent norman niagara falls norman getting ready murphy steals clothes norman sue see falls wearing raincoat provided tour company tour employee demands raincoat norman shown bath towel underneath norman arranges candle lit dinner chicago murphy invites passengers bus engine trouble passengers nearby carnival norman challenges sue bow arrow contest prize wins kiss proves much better shot though sue finally lets kiss denver sue shopping department store steve tent sporting goods department turns nita together sue steve nita believe sue leaves nita informs steve going tell police scams kills bow arrow nearly closing time able conceal corpse window display mannequin bus steve claims wife visiting friends denver norman sue broke engagement norman believes nita body discovered police stop bus question steve sue states left nita found store steve claims left sue archery skills revealed taken custody norman able cast suspicion steve too police decide everyone reno start board bus steve suddenly forces driver gunpoint speed sue passenger steve wheel makes driver jump norman police land airplane road ahead bus steve dies crashing sue right bus reaches san francisco may willy prepare married arrested bigamy norman murphy head lumber camp washington state norman sue murphy may pair,romance,comedy
"The film is presented in a nonlinear narrative, jumping between the present and flashbacks to the past. This is a linear summary of the plot. A young Bruce Wayne meets Andrea Beaumont while visiting his parents' grave, and the pair form a deep mutual attraction. That night, in one of his first crime-fighting attempts, Bruce foils an armored car robbery. Although he succeeds, he is discouraged because the criminals did not fear him. Eventually, Bruce decides to abandon his plans to become a vigilante and proposes marriage to Andrea. However, Andrea mysteriously leaves Gotham with her father, businessman Carl Beaumont, ending her engagement in a Dear John letter. Believing he has lost his last chance of having a normal life, Bruce becomes Batman. Ten years later, Batman confronts a group of Gotham City crime bosses led by Chuckie Sol, who are intending to launder millions of counterfeit dollars in a casino. As Sol escapes to his car, a cloaked figure attacks him; Sol is killed when the figure causes him to drive out the side of a parking garage and crash into a neighboring building. Batman arrives soon after, and bystanders blame him for Sol's death. Councilman Arthur Reeves tells the media that Batman is a menace (despite Commissioner Gordon's protests). Attending a party at Wayne Manor, Reeves teases Bruce for allowing Andrea to leave him. The cloaked figure murders another gangster, Buzz Bronski, in the same cemetery Bruce met Andrea. Batman investigates Bronski's death and wanders to his parents' tombstone. He overhears Andrea talking at her mother's grave, just as she had been when he first met her. She is startled by Batman's appearance and he flees. Batman finds evidence linking Carl Beaumont with Sol, Bronski and a third gangster: Salvatore Valestra. He breaks into Valestra's home and discovers a photograph of Bronski, Valestra, Sol and Beaumont seated at a table. When he visits Andrea to try to get more answers she rebuffs him, intimating that she knows his identity. Meanwhile, Valestra believes Batman killed the others and will come for him, so he turns to the Joker for help. The figure arrives at Valestra's house but finds the gangster dead by Joker's hands. Joker has strapped a camera to Valestra's corpse and sees the murderer is not Batman. The figure escapes as the house explodes. Batman pursues and fights the killer, but is interrupted by the police and rescued from arrest by Andrea. Andrea later explains she and her father had been hiding in Europe from Valestra's mob, from whom he had embezzled money; her father repaid everything, but they put out a hit on him anyway. Bruce now believes her father is the killer. Bruce ponders resuming his relationship with Andrea and giving up Batman. He notices a familiar-looking man in the background of the photo of Bronski, Valestra, Sol and Beaumont: the man who would become the Joker. Joker visits Reeves to press him for information; Reeves insists that the cloaked killer is Batman, but Joker, believing Reeves is the killer, states Reeves needs to protect his own reputation and poisons him. Reeves is taken to the hospital where Batman later breaks in and interrogates him. Reeves confesses he helped the Beaumonts escape and later told Valestra's mob their location. The cloaked figure tracks Joker to his hideout and reveals itself as Andrea, intent on avenging her father's death by killing every last surviving member of Valestra's mob. With the others dead, Joker is the last one alive, and is the one who carried out the hit on her father. Having already deduced her identity, Joker fights her. Just before he can kill Andrea, Batman arrives and begs Andrea to give up her quest. She refuses and disappears. Batman and the Joker battle to a stalemate. Moments later Andrea returns and seizes Joker, bidding Batman goodbye before vanishing with the maniacally laughing clown. The amusement park erupts in a series of explosions and Batman barely escapes. Alfred later consoles Bruce, telling him that no one could have helped Andrea. Bruce finds her locket, containing a picture of himself and Andrea, in the Batcave. Meanwhile, Andrea departs from Gotham alone on an ocean liner, feeling completely lost. Batman stands on top of a Gotham building when the Bat-Signal appears in the sky, and swings off into the night to continue his war on crime.",film presented nonlinear narrative jumping present flashbacks past linear summary plot young bruce wayne meets andrea beaumont visiting parents grave pair form deep mutual attraction night crime fighting attempts bruce foils armored car robbery although succeeds discouraged criminals did fear bruce decides abandon plans become vigilante proposes marriage andrea andrea mysteriously leaves gotham businessman carl beaumont ending engagement dear john letter believing lost last chance normal life bruce batman ten years batman confronts group gotham city crime bosses led chuckie sol intending launder millions counterfeit dollars casino sol escapes car cloaked figure attacks sol killed figure causes drive side parking garage crash neighboring building batman arrives bystanders blame sol death councilman arthur reeves media batman menace despite commissioner gordon protests attending party wayne manor reeves teases bruce allowing andrea leave cloaked figure murders gangster buzz bronski same cemetery bruce met andrea batman investigates bronski death wanders parents tombstone overhears andrea talking mother grave met startled batman appearance flees batman evidence linking carl beaumont sol bronski third gangster salvatore valestra breaks valestra home discovers photograph bronski valestra sol beaumont seated table visits andrea try answers rebuffs intimating knows identity valestra believes batman killed others turns joker figure arrives valestra gangster dead joker hands joker strapped camera valestra corpse sees murderer batman figure escapes explodes batman pursues fights killer interrupted police rescued arrest andrea andrea explains hiding europe valestra mob whom embezzled money repaid everything put hit anyway bruce believes killer bruce ponders resuming relationship andrea giving batman notices familiar looking background photo bronski valestra sol beaumont would become joker joker visits reeves press information reeves insists cloaked killer batman joker believing reeves killer states reeves needs protect reputation poisons reeves taken hospital batman breaks interrogates reeves confesses helped beaumonts escape told valestra mob location cloaked figure tracks joker hideout reveals itself andrea intent avenging death killing every last surviving member valestra mob others dead joker last alive carried hit already deduced identity joker fights kill andrea batman arrives begs andrea give quest refuses disappears batman joker battle stalemate moments andrea returns seizes joker bidding batman goodbye vanishing maniacally laughing clown amusement park erupts series explosions batman barely escapes alfred consoles bruce telling could helped andrea bruce locket containing picture andrea batcave andrea departs gotham alone ocean liner feeling completely lost batman stands top gotham building bat signal appears sky swings night continue war crime,animation,action
"Stan Ross is the franchise player of the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team. After recording his 3,000th hit, the selfish, narcissistic Ross immediately retires, leaving the team without one of its star players in the middle of the 1995 playoff race, showing every bit of disregard for his teammates' feelings. During the next nine years, Ross uses his nickname as a business tool, owning several profitable properties under the name Mr. 3000 that make him increasingly wealthy. In 2004, the Brewers retire Ross' number so they can get rid of Ross for good, and also draw a large crowd. Although many fans come to the ceremony, other players, including teammates and fellow stars Robin Yount, Cecil Cooper, and Paul Molitor, stay away. Only his best friend Anthony (Boca) Carter and a middle relief pitcher from his early days in the majors named Bill (Big Horse) Berelli attend, and the ex-pitcher chastises Ross for his arrogant attitude. Ross learns that, due to a clerical error, he retired with 2,997 hits instead of 3,000. The error also partially contributes to Ross not being voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame[1] and makes his Mr. 3000 marketing gimmick inaccurate. Ross seeks to return to the game at the age of 47 to get three more hits, secure his place in the record books, and keep his local post-career marketing gimmick intact. A top Brewers executive, citing the large attendance at Ross' number retirement ceremony and the fact that the Brewers are out of playoff contention, agrees to bring Ross back during the September roster expansion. The team's younger players only know of Ross as a self-centered player, and team superstar Rex T-Rex Pennebaker, who is pompous and arrogant like Ross, sees him as unneeded and too old to play. Manager Gus Panas refuses to speak to Ross because of his abrupt retirement, and the sportswriters continually criticize him. Despite his predictions to the contrary Ross struggles to regain his baseball form. He goes hitless in his first 27 at-bats. His comeback is reported by television sportscaster Maureen Mo Simmons, who resumes a former romantic relationship with Ross. He gets two hits, including a home run, to increase his career total to 2,999. Ross becomes a mentor to the younger players and urges Pennebaker to learn from his own mistakes as a baseball star and to be a team player, so that Pennebaker will not end up like him – all alone. This inspires the Brewers to a late-season comeback and a respectable finish. Ross attempts to become serious with Simmons and make her a permanent part of his life, but she is reluctant to believe he is a changed man, particularly after he skips a team practice to go on national television with Jay Leno and begin boasting again. In his last at-bat of the season, with a chance to be a hero, Ross has a vision of his earlier years, when he was considered always dependable for the team. It inspires him to sacrifice his last chance with a bunt instead so the team can win a game and finish third in its division. Although Ross never reaches the 3,000 milestone, his newfound generosity and attitude gets him inducted into the Hall of Fame. He renames his businesses Mr. 2,999.",stan ross franchise player milwaukee brewers baseball team recording th hit selfish narcissistic ross immediately retires leaving team without star players middle playoff race showing every bit disregard teammates feelings nine years ross uses nickname business tool owning several profitable properties under name mr increasingly wealthy brewers retire ross number rid ross good draw large crowd although many fans ceremony players including teammates fellow stars robin yount cecil cooper paul molitor stay best friend anthony boca carter middle relief pitcher early days majors named bill big horse berelli attend ex pitcher chastises ross arrogant attitude ross learns due clerical error retired hits instead error partially contributes ross voted baseball hall fame makes mr marketing gimmick inaccurate ross seeks return game age three hits secure place record books keep local post career marketing gimmick intact top brewers executive citing large attendance ross number retirement ceremony fact brewers playoff contention agrees bring ross september roster expansion team younger players know ross self centered player team superstar rex t rex pennebaker pompous arrogant like ross sees unneeded too old play manager gus panas refuses speak ross abrupt retirement sportswriters continually criticize despite predictions contrary ross struggles regain baseball form hitless bats comeback reported television sportscaster maureen mo simmons resumes former romantic relationship ross hits including home run increase career total ross mentor younger players urges pennebaker learn mistakes baseball star team player pennebaker end like alone inspires brewers late season comeback respectable finish ross attempts become serious simmons permanent part life reluctant believe changed particularly skips team practice national television jay leno begin boasting last bat season chance hero ross vision earlier years considered always dependable team inspires sacrifice last chance bunt instead team win game finish third division although ross never reaches milestone newfound generosity attitude inducted hall fame renames businesses mr,comedy,drama
"Biresh Bose (Subrat Dutta) works in a finance company IIDB as an investigating officer who prepares the investigation reports on which the loans are sanctioned. The company has provided him a pick up and drop car and he gets a handsome salary. At heart, he is a bohemian with no rigid values in life. He is a regular drinker. He visits the bar every evening. One such evening at the bar he meets Nita, a high-society call girl Nita (Tannishtha Chatterjee), with whom he is caught in a psycho-sexual relationship. After that Biresh starts visiting Nita's apartment regularly and gradually he started feeling peculiar attraction for Nita. Biresh has a friend name Hiren(Shiladitya Patronobish), who is a painter. He lives in with his model Iti (Payel Sarkar). One evening Hiren takes Biresh to Sonagachi brothel, the infamous red-light area of Calcutta. There Biresh comes to know that Hiren was a regular visitor of that area. He gets attracted towards Iti. In his office, his position becomes bleak as he refuses a loan to an influential person, Haralal Bhattacharya (Kunal Mitra), an NRI who applied for loan in Biresh's company. Biresh while investigating found that Haralal's claim was false. So in his report, he stated that Haralal is not eligible for any loan. That ultimately creates problems in Biresh's life. Being an NRI, Haralal had an enormous connection in the upper level. So Biresh was asked by his superiors to change his investigation report, so that Haralal could get the loan. One day Iti visits Biresh's office and tells him that Hiren has left her. She needs Biresh's help. Biresh came to know that Haralal was a regular visitor to Nita's place those days. Biresh finds Haralal in disturbing not only his office life but also his personal life. Biresh, in a bout of self-destruction, vents his anger and frustration by strangling Nita and stages his alibi through Iti. The police start investigating but are unable to establish any motive behind the killing. Police investigator (Sabyasachi Chakraborty) suspects him but cannot not prove him guilty. Iti tells the police that when Nita was killed Biresh was in her apartment the whole night. Everybody starts believing that Haralal might killed Nita. Biresh's company decided that not to give loan to Haralal. Life become smooth for Biresh again, but Nita still haunts him. So one day he calls the police and confesses about the murder of Nita.",biresh bose subrat dutta works finance company iidb investigating officer prepares investigation reports loans sanctioned company provided pick drop car handsome salary heart bohemian rigid values life regular drinker visits bar every evening such evening bar meets nita high society call girl nita tannishtha chatterjee whom caught psycho sexual relationship biresh starts visiting nita apartment regularly gradually started feeling peculiar attraction nita biresh friend name hiren shiladitya patronobish painter lives model iti payel sarkar evening hiren biresh sonagachi brothel infamous red light area calcutta biresh know hiren regular visitor area attracted towards iti office position bleak refuses loan influential person haralal bhattacharya kunal mitra nri applied loan biresh company biresh investigating found haralal claim false report stated haralal eligible any loan ultimately creates problems biresh life nri haralal enormous connection upper level biresh asked superiors change investigation report haralal could loan day iti visits biresh office hiren left needs biresh biresh came know haralal regular visitor nita place those days biresh haralal disturbing office life personal life biresh bout self destruction vents anger frustration strangling nita stages alibi iti police start investigating unable establish any motive behind killing police investigator sabyasachi chakraborty suspects cannot prove guilty iti police nita killed biresh apartment whole night everybody starts believing haralal might killed nita biresh company decided give loan haralal life become smooth biresh nita haunts day calls police confesses murder nita,romance,drama
"The story is about two people who come to the house of a rich, elderly woman whose nephew is planning to rob her of her riches. Before they go any further, they must get past a number of cats that seem to know what is going on, then the old woman.",story people rich elderly woman whose nephew planning rob riches any further must past number cats seem know going old woman,horror,drama
"A quiet teenage boy about sixteen to seventeen, Hai Ge (Gao Wei), ventures to West China at the edge of the Gobi Desert to claim his bride, betrothed to him since birth. His father has just died and the lad makes his way to Double Flag Town, the dusty border town with no marshal or governor to keep its townsfolk safe. Along his way he meets Desert Eagle, a fighter who allegedly robs the rich to feed the poor. Desert Eagle invites him to look him up in case he encounters any trouble. Hai Ge manages to find young Hao Mei (Zhang Manna), his betrothed, and her father, who is lame in one leg and who runs a restaurant in the town. At first Hao Mei feels disgusted by the dirty, unkempt boy, but gradually succumbs to his taciturn charms. It appears also that Hai Ge has inherited martial arts skills from his late father—he keeps the long daggers in his boots which once made his late father a consummate fighter. One day, a group of bandits appear in the restaurant and one attempts rape on Hao Mei. Hai Ge intervenes and with his deft skills manages to kill the assailant. The dead man is none other than the second brother of renowned desert bandit Lethal Swordsman. After marrying his daughter to Hai Ge, Hao Mei's father tries to let the two run off, but the townsfolk insist that Hai Ge be handed over to Lethal Swordsman to prevent a town bloodbath. To fight Lethal Swordsman, Hai Ge goes to find Desert Eagle, who promises he will be there to slay the bandit. He promises to turn up at high noon two days later when the bandits appear. On the fateful day Lethal Swordsman and his gang of bandits ride to Double Flag Town in the heat of noon. Heading for a showdown, the chief slays everyone in his way attempting to block his revenge mission, including Hao Mei's father. Lethal Swordsman faces off with Hai Ge who realizes he has been tricked by Desert Eagle, who does not turn up. The two has a swift showdown. As blood trickles down Hai Ge's head Lethal Swordsman makes off, impressed by the young man's skills. As he moves away slowly, he suddenly realizes he is fatally wounded by Hai Ge's daggers and slumps to his death. At this point Desert Eagle appears and claims his spoil—Lethal Swordsman's sword, as Hai Ge walks away wearily, stating that Desert Eagle has betrayed him. The closing shot shows the silhouettes of Hai Ge and his bride riding away from Double Flag Town during sunset.",quiet teenage boy sixteen seventeen hai ge gao wei ventures west china edge gobi desert claim bride betrothed since birth died lad makes double flag town dusty border town marshal or governor keep townsfolk safe along meets desert eagle fighter allegedly robs rich feed poor desert eagle invites look case encounters any trouble hai ge manages find young hao mei zhang manna betrothed lame leg runs restaurant town hao mei feels disgusted dirty unkempt boy gradually succumbs taciturn charms appears hai ge inherited martial arts skills late keeps long daggers boots once made late consummate fighter day group bandits appear restaurant attempts rape hao mei hai ge intervenes deft skills manages kill assailant dead none than second brother renowned desert bandit lethal swordsman marrying daughter hai ge hao mei let run townsfolk insist hai ge handed lethal swordsman prevent town bloodbath fight lethal swordsman hai ge find desert eagle promises slay bandit promises turn high noon days bandits appear fateful day lethal swordsman gang bandits ride double flag town heat noon heading showdown chief slays everyone attempting block revenge mission including hao mei lethal swordsman faces hai ge realizes tricked desert eagle turn swift showdown blood trickles hai ge head lethal swordsman makes impressed young skills moves slowly suddenly realizes fatally wounded hai ge daggers slumps death point desert eagle appears claims spoil lethal swordsman sword hai ge walks wearily stating desert eagle betrayed closing shot shows silhouettes hai ge bride riding double flag town sunset,action,western
"Garth A7 (Michael Rennie), a cyborg from the future world of 2087, travels back in time to 1966 to prevent Professor Sigmund Marx (Eduard Franz) from revealing his new discovery, an idea that will make mind control possible and create a tyranny in Garth's time. He is pursued by two Tracers (also cyborgs) out to stop him. Garth enlists the help of Dr. Sharon Mason (Karen Steele), Marx's assistant. He gets her to summon her friend, medical doctor Zeller (Warren Stevens) to operate on him to remove a homing device used by the Tracers to track him. The local sheriff (Wendell Corey) also becomes involved. Garth defeats the Tracers and convinces Professor Marx to keep his discovery secret. Then, with his future wiped out as a result, Garth ceases to exist; the people who helped him do not even remember him. It is which came first, the chicken or the egg? plot twist, so common with time travel films, which ignore paradoxes in favor of plot. If the hero does change history, and ceases to exist as history is reqritten, then he will not be there in the future to go back and make the change, supporting the scientific rule that the past cannot be altered.",garth michael rennie cyborg future world travels time prevent professor sigmund marx eduard franz revealing discovery idea mind control possible create tyranny garth time pursued tracers cyborgs stop garth enlists dr sharon mason karen steele marx assistant summon friend medical doctor zeller warren stevens operate remove homing device used tracers track local sheriff wendell corey involved garth defeats tracers convinces professor marx keep discovery secret future wiped result garth ceases exist people helped do even remember came chicken or egg plot twist common time travel films ignore paradoxes favor plot hero change history ceases exist history reqritten future change supporting scientific rule past cannot altered,sci-fi,action
"Crystal Shackleford (Geraldine Fitzgerald) lures two strangers, solicitor Jerome K. Arbutny (Sydney Greenstreet) and charming and erudite drunkard Johnny West (Peter Lorre) to her London flat on Chinese New Year in 1938 because of her belief that if three strangers make the same wish to an idol of Kwan Yin, Chinese goddess of fortune and destiny, the wish will be granted. Since money will make their dreams come true, the three go in on a sweepstakes ticket for the Grand National horse race together and agree that they will not sell the ticket if it is chosen, but will hold on to it until the race is run. Shackleford would use the money to try to win her estranged husband back, Arbutny to smooth the way for his selection to the prestigious Barrister's Club, and Johnny to buy a bar and live in it. The stories of the three strangers are revealed. Shackleford's husband David (Alan Napier) moved to Canada and fell in love with Janet Elliott (Marjorie Riordan). He returns, just after Johnny and Arbutny take their leave of Crystal, and demands a divorce, but she refuses. She sees to it that he loses a promotion. She also lies to Janet, telling her that David still loves her and that she is pregnant. The trusting woman believes her and returns to Canada. With the help of an adoring Icey Crane (Joan Lorring), Johnny has been hiding out after his drunken participation in a botched robbery that resulted in the death of a policeman. Icey commits perjury in order to provide an alibi for the murderer and ringleader, Bertram Fallon (Robert Shayne). When a second witness is discredited, Fallon confesses to the robbery but blames the murder on West and the third man involved, Timothy Delaney, who is nicknamed Gabby (Peter Whitney). Johnny is caught and sentenced to death, but Gabby finds Fallon on his way to prison and stabs him. As he dies in the railway carriage, Fallon clears Johnny. Arbutny has been speculating in stocks with money from the trust fund of Lady Rhea Belladon (Rosalind Ivan), an eccentric widow who believe she can talk with her dead husband. When the stock falls and his margin is called, a desperate Arbutny proposes to Lady Belladon. After consulting with her dead husband, she turns him down. Worse, she says that Lord Belladon wants to have the books checked. Arbutny is about to shoot himself when he sees in a newspaper that the sweepstakes ticket has drawn the favorite in the Grand National. The three strangers converge on Crystal's flat. Arbutny wants to sell his share of the ticket immediately so he can replace the funds he stole before his crime can be uncovered. Johnny is willing, but Shackleford is adamant that they stick to their original agreement. Arbutny becomes enraged and accidentally kills her with her statue of Kwan Yin. Ironically, they hear on the radio that their horse wins. Johnny points out to Arbutny that the winning ticket has to be destroyed because their agreement and signatures on it would provide a motive for Crystal's murder. They leave the flat, but Arbutny is overcome by guilt, and panics and runs out into the middle of the busy street. He stops traffic and attracts a crowd, including a policeman, to whom Arbutny confesses the murder. Johnny returns to the pub, where Icey finds him. Content with her, he sets the ticket on fire.",crystal shackleford geraldine fitzgerald lures strangers solicitor jerome k arbutny sydney greenstreet charming erudite drunkard johnny west peter lorre london flat chinese year belief three strangers same wish idol kwan yin chinese goddess fortune destiny wish granted since money dreams true three sweepstakes ticket grand national horse race together agree sell ticket chosen hold until race run shackleford would use money try win estranged husband arbutny smooth selection prestigious barrister club johnny buy bar live stories three strangers revealed shackleford husband david alan napier moved canada fell love janet elliott marjorie riordan returns johnny arbutny leave crystal demands divorce refuses sees loses promotion lies janet telling david loves pregnant trusting woman believes returns canada adoring icey crane joan lorring johnny hiding drunken participation botched robbery resulted death policeman icey commits perjury order provide alibi murderer ringleader bertram fallon robert shayne second witness discredited fallon confesses robbery blames murder west third involved timothy delaney nicknamed gabby peter whitney johnny caught sentenced death gabby fallon prison stabs dies railway carriage fallon clears johnny arbutny speculating stocks money trust fund lady rhea belladon rosalind ivan eccentric widow believe talk dead husband stock falls margin called desperate arbutny proposes lady belladon consulting dead husband turns worse says lord belladon wants books checked arbutny shoot sees newspaper sweepstakes ticket drawn favorite grand national three strangers converge crystal flat arbutny wants sell share ticket immediately replace funds stole crime uncovered johnny willing shackleford adamant stick original agreement arbutny enraged accidentally kills statue kwan yin ironically hear radio horse wins johnny points arbutny winning ticket destroyed agreement signatures would provide motive crystal murder leave flat arbutny overcome guilt panics runs middle busy street stops traffic attracts crowd including policeman whom arbutny confesses murder johnny returns pub icey content sets ticket fire,crime,drama
"Rita and Sue are two teenaged girls in their final year of school who live on a run down council estate in Bradford. To earn some money, they babysit for Bob and Michelle (Lesley Sharp), a better-off couple who live in a detached house in a nicer part of town. When the couple return later, Michelle pays the girls and tells Bob to give them a lift home. Bob, however, drives them to an out of the way place to have sex with each of them in the back of his car. They nonchalantly agree, and he and the girls plan to make it a regular thing. By the time they're finished, it's 2 a.m. Sue sneaks into her house hoping that everyone is in bed. However, her drunken father is waiting for her in the living room, holding a half a snooker cue, threatening to wrap it round [her] neck. Sue and her parents proceed to argue about why she's home so late, with her mother taking Sue's side. After her father gives up and goes to bed, Sue's mother asks for the truth, but Sue repeats the lie, to her mother's disappointment. Sue gets a part-time job at a local taxi firm, and meets Aslam (Kulvinder Ghir), a Pakistani boy who drives for the firm. He and another driver make a bet on who can get her into bed first. Sue rebuffs them. At school, Bob shows up at Rita and Sue's P.E. tennis class to take them for a jump (sex). Rita manages to get permission from the teacher to use the toilet (a ruse to see Bob); but Sue is denied and told to get back to the class. She takes her anger out on another student. Bob takes Rita to a furnished showhome on a new housing development, where they have sex. Later on, Michelle finds a package of condoms in Bob's trousers whilst ironing them. Bob tells her that he and his mates were blowing them up like balloons at the pub for fun, but Michelle doesn't believe him and they argue. During the argument, it is revealed that Michelle is reluctant to have sex, which frustrates Bob. It also turns out that Bob previously had an affair, discovered when Michelle found his mistress's bracelet in their bed; the mistress had also been their babysitter. Michelle goes upstairs to get ready for their planned night out, for which Rita and Sue are again babysitting. Bob warns the girls that Michelle is suspicious and will ask them questions and try to trick them. They convince Michelle that Bob isn't sleeping with either of them. After their night out, Bob and Michelle start arguing again, this time in front of Rita and Sue who desperately try not to laugh. Michelle takes her anger out on them and tells them to stop laughing. She then storms off to bed. Grumpily, Rita and Sue make their own way home, unhappy that Bob can't take them in his car and have sex with them again. That night, Michelle decides to let Bob have sex with her to stop him going off with other women, but it goes badly. The next day, on a school trip, Sue gets into a fight with a classmate who calls her a slag (British slang for a promiscuous woman) because she is rumoured to be seeing a married man. Later, Rita and Sue skip school to go and meet Bob, hoping to make up for the previous night, but Bob can't get an erection, embarrassing himself and leaving Rita and Sue unsatisfied. He takes them out to a club instead, where Michelle's best friend Mavis happens to be, and spots Bob with the girls. Bob warns the girls that Mavis will surely tell Michelle she saw them together. The next morning, Mavis rushes around to tell Michelle what she saw, and Michelle storms over to Rita's house in Mavis's car. Michelle drags Rita out of her house and into Mavis's car, and takes her to Sue's flat to confront them both, with Bob now in tow. Michelle, Bob, Rita, Sue, and Sue's parents have a big argument in front of all the neighbours, who are all having a good laugh over the spectacle. Michelle blames the girls for being slutty, but Sue retorts that the reason Bob cheats on her is because she doesn't have enough sex with him. Michelle turns on Bob, goes home, ransacks the house, and she and their children leave in a taxi, never to return. The next day, Sue goes to Rita's house to walk to school together. Rita tells her that she is no longer going to school, because they are due to leave school soon and Bob has asked her to move in with him. She also reveals that she is pregnant with Bob's child. When Bob arrives to take her away, Sue is enraged and tells them both to get lost. Sue dates Aslam as a rebound to get over Bob and Rita. They go to the cinema, and then off to a grassy hillside spot where they start kissing. Afterwards they go to Sue's flat where Aslam meets her parents. Her father comes home from the pub drunk and shouts racist comments at Aslam, causing Sue to leave home and move in with Aslam and his sister. Months later, Sue finds out that Rita has miscarried, and visits her in the hospital. On the way out, Bob approaches Sue and invites her for another escapade. Sue refuses, saying she's staying faithful to Aslam, whom she's now living with. After Bob drops Sue off at her house, Aslam attacks Sue, thinking that she was out having sex with Bob. Later at Bob's house, he and Rita are about to have sex, when Bob accidentally says Sue's name. Angry, Rita leaves to confront Sue. When she gets there, she finds Aslam attacking Sue. Defending her, Rita kicks him in the knees, and then Sue kicks him in his groin, disabling him enough for Sue and Rita to escape. They go back to Bob's house, where Rita tends to Sue's wounds, and Aslam shows up at Bob's door. They refuse to let him in, but Aslam tries to find a way to break in, all the while trying to convince Sue to come back to him. He almost gets in through the patio doors, but Rita runs and locks them. He tries to plead with Sue, threatening suicide if she doesn't come back. The situation is interrupted by the arrival of the police, having been called by a neighbour. Aslam then runs off with the police in pursuit. When Bob returns home, Rita tells him that she is letting Sue move in with them. They go upstairs and Bob goes to get a bath. When he goes into the bedroom he finds both girls semi-naked in his bed and the film ends with him diving onto the bed.",rita sue teenaged girls final year school live run council estate bradford earn money babysit bob michelle lesley sharp better couple live detached nicer part town couple return michelle pays girls bob give lift home bob drives place sex each car nonchalantly agree girls plan regular thing time finished m sue sneaks hoping everyone bed drunken waiting living room holding half snooker cue threatening wrap round neck sue parents proceed argue why home late mother taking sue side gives bed sue mother truth sue repeats lie mother disappointment sue part time job local taxi firm meets aslam kulvinder ghir pakistani boy drives firm driver bet bed sue rebuffs school bob shows rita sue p e tennis class jump sex rita manages permission teacher use toilet ruse see bob sue denied told class anger student bob rita furnished showhome housing development sex michelle package condoms bob trousers whilst ironing bob mates were blowing like balloons pub fun michelle believe argue argument revealed michelle reluctant sex frustrates bob turns bob previously affair discovered michelle found mistress bracelet bed mistress babysitter michelle upstairs ready planned night rita sue babysitting bob warns girls michelle suspicious ask questions try trick convince michelle bob sleeping either night bob michelle start arguing time front rita sue desperately try laugh michelle anger stop laughing storms bed grumpily rita sue home unhappy bob car sex night michelle decides let bob sex stop going women badly day school trip sue fight classmate calls slag british slang promiscuous woman rumoured seeing married rita sue skip school meet bob hoping previous night bob erection embarrassing leaving rita sue unsatisfied club instead michelle best friend mavis happens spots bob girls bob warns girls mavis surely tell michelle saw together morning mavis rushes around tell michelle saw michelle storms rita mavis car michelle drags rita mavis car sue flat confront bob tow michelle bob rita sue sue parents big argument front neighbours good laugh spectacle michelle blames girls slutty sue retorts reason bob cheats enough sex michelle turns bob home ransacks children leave taxi never return day sue rita walk school together rita longer going school due leave school bob asked move reveals pregnant bob child bob arrives sue enraged lost sue dates aslam rebound bob rita cinema grassy hillside spot start kissing afterwards sue flat aslam meets parents home pub drunk shouts racist comments aslam causing sue leave home move aslam sister months sue rita miscarried visits hospital bob approaches sue invites escapade sue refuses saying staying faithful aslam whom living bob drops sue aslam attacks sue thinking sex bob bob rita sex bob accidentally says sue name angry rita leaves confront sue aslam attacking sue defending rita kicks knees sue kicks groin disabling enough sue rita escape bob rita tends sue wounds aslam shows bob door refuse let aslam find break trying convince sue almost patio doors rita runs locks plead sue threatening suicide situation interrupted arrival police called neighbour aslam runs police pursuit bob returns home rita letting sue move upstairs bob bath bedroom girls semi naked bed film ends diving onto bed,drama,comedy
"Thiru (Narain) works as a henchman with Annachi (Dandapandi). Annachi adores him and sees in him his own bravery and extraordinary fighting abilities. One day, Thiru stumbles upon Charu (Bhavana), a local NGO, who fights injustice. A quarrel ensues between them. They soon realize that it was a meeting of heart and soon start to admire each other. Charu works towards transforming Thiru from an emotionless henchman to a lovable, kind-hearted guy. As a result, he and some of his gang members abandon their incorrigible life of gun culture and take up sales at the roadside hoping to lead a socially respectable life. Charu sees a changed personality in Thiru and decides to marry him, with the consent of her father. But her hopes shatters after seeing Thiru clumped away in a police van from a brothel. She gives up her plans to become Thiru's life partner. Notwithstanding the failure, Charu's father commits suicide. Charu blames Thiru for ruining her life and for her father's death. Thiru goes back to Annachi. Charu decided to wed her own relative. Meanwhile, Annachi's son falls in love with Charu and wants to marry her. Annachi deputes Thiru to bring Charu. Thiru devices his own plans in an attempt to thwart Annachi's nefarious plans and save Charu. How Thiru saves Charu from Annachi and ultimately re-unite with her forms the remaining part of the story.",thiru narain works henchman annachi dandapandi annachi adores sees bravery extraordinary fighting abilities day thiru stumbles upon charu bhavana local ngo fights injustice quarrel ensues realize meeting heart start admire each charu works towards transforming thiru emotionless henchman lovable kind hearted guy result gang members abandon incorrigible life gun culture sales roadside hoping lead socially respectable life charu sees changed personality thiru decides marry consent hopes shatters seeing thiru clumped police van brothel gives plans become thiru life partner notwithstanding failure charu commits suicide charu blames thiru ruining life death thiru annachi charu decided wed relative annachi son falls love charu wants marry annachi deputes thiru bring charu thiru devices plans attempt thwart annachi nefarious plans save charu how thiru saves charu annachi ultimately re unite forms remaining part story,action,romance
"In the wake of his parents' deaths and about to sell their summer home, Daniel has one final weekend with his friends, reality TV star James, recently unemployed Tom, Martin and his wife Abby, Charley, and Daniel's ex-girlfriend Olivia and her fiancé Henry.",wake parents deaths sell summer home daniel final weekend friends reality tv star james recently unemployed tom martin wife abby charley daniel ex girlfriend olivia fianc henry,comedy,drama
"A progressive experimental prison without bars is run by young psychiatrist Dr. Newcombe (Anthony Newley) and harsh but fair Chief Officer Williams (Harry Andrews). Four hardened criminals, the Spider Gang, arrive at this minimum security prison, the leader of whom is Spider Kelly (James Booth). Dr. Newcombe has his work cut out trying to reform the boys and enlists the aid of Spider's girlfriend Doll (Anne Aubrey), who, to Spider's anger, is now working as a stripper in Soho. Newcombe seems to be straightening Spider out, while Spider is in turn sorting out a rival imprisoned gang, led by Ted Ross (Ian Hendry), who hold the monopoly in smuggled cigarettes.",progressive experimental prison without bars run young psychiatrist dr newcombe anthony newley harsh fair chief officer williams harry andrews four hardened criminals spider gang arrive minimum security prison leader whom spider kelly james booth dr newcombe work cut trying reform boys enlists aid spider girlfriend doll anne aubrey spider anger working stripper soho newcombe seems straightening spider spider turn sorting rival imprisoned gang led ted ross ian hendry hold monopoly smuggled cigarettes,comedy,action
"Noni Jean is a hot new artist who has just won a Billboard Music Award without releasing an album and is primed for super-stardom, but the pressures of success compel her to nearly end her life. She is saved by a young police officer, Kaz Nicol, who has political ambitions. Drawn to each other, Noni and Kaz fall fast and hard, despite the protests of those around them who urge them to put their career ambitions ahead of their romance. But it is ultimately Kaz's love that gives Noni the courage to find her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be.",noni jean hot artist won billboard music award without releasing album primed super stardom pressures success compel nearly end life saved young police officer kaz nicol political ambitions drawn each noni kaz fall fast hard despite protests those around urge put career ambitions ahead romance ultimately kaz love gives noni courage find voice break free become artist meant,romance,drama
Dr Riordan's wife Storm is cheating on him with American Bill Kronin. He determines to get the perfect revenge.,dr riordan wife storm cheating american bill kronin determines perfect revenge,crime,drama
"In 1987 in Oklahoma, Danielle Edmondston is a troubled and promiscuous high school student. She argues with her mother, Sue-Ann, who is about to marry a Mormon, Ray, and amidst the chaos she befriends Clarke Walters, a shy, gay classmate. Together, they flee in a car owned by Clarke's homophobic father, Joseph, and embark on a road trip to Fresno, where Danielle expects to find her birth father, Danny Briggs. Meanwhile, Sue-Ann and Clarke's mother, Peggy, chase after them. Joseph breaks into Danielle's house in an attempt to find Clarke, only to find that the entire family is gone in vacation, besides Danielle, who has already left with Clarke. Joseph is then arrested for breaking into the house. He calls Peggy to bail him out, only to find out that Peggy refuses to let him out and that she will not allow him to harm Clarke for being gay anymore. Joseph, aggravated, has to stay in the cell until a judge can see him. On the way, Danielle and Clarke pick up a hitchhiker named Joel, who after they stop for rest, has sex with Clarke. Clarke awakens the next morning to find that he is gone, leaving him heartbroken. Clarke blames Danielle for this. After seemingly moving on and getting back in the car, it breaks down on the side of the road. Clarke and Danielle continue on foot, trying to rent a car, only to find Joseph has been released from prison and has reported their credit card stolen. Desperate for money, the two enter a bar and Danielle enters a stripping contest. After she is booed profusely, Clarke realizes that it is a biker gay bar. Danielle tells him he must strip instead. Clarke is cheered as he dances, but is caught by Joseph who enters during this. Danielle collects the prize money, but they are both taken in Joseph's other car. Clarke provokes his father into pulling the car over to attack him, while he tells Danielle to flee. Danielle manages to make it to a bus station, upset having to had to leave Clarke behind. She finds her father's house, where she is met by her mother, who asks her to leave. Danielle manages to make it to her father, who rejects her, revealing he has a young daughter. Sad, Danielle goes home, later learning that Clarke's father has sent him to military school. Danielle enters the talent show and sings Don't Cry Out Loud by Melissa Manchester, who is Clarke's favorite singer. As she breaks down singing, Clarke enters dressed in a military uniform. They finish the song together and get into Danielle's car. Clarke reveals that his mother let him out of military school and that his father is now in an apartment alone and his Mother is planning on divorcing him. Ironically during his short time at the military school Clark learned how to defend himself against his father and as a result he will no longer bother him. Danielle, with a less rebellious attitude, and Clarke, now no longer afraid to be himself, drive off into the sunset.",oklahoma danielle edmondston troubled promiscuous high school student argues mother sue ann marry mormon ray amidst chaos befriends clarke walters shy gay classmate together flee car owned clarke homophobic joseph embark road trip fresno danielle expects find birth danny briggs sue ann clarke mother peggy chase joseph breaks danielle attempt find clarke find entire family gone vacation besides danielle already left clarke joseph arrested breaking calls peggy bail find peggy refuses let allow harm clarke gay anymore joseph aggravated stay cell until judge see danielle clarke pick hitchhiker named joel stop rest sex clarke clarke awakens morning find gone leaving heartbroken clarke blames danielle seemingly moving getting car breaks side road clarke danielle continue foot trying rent car find joseph released prison reported credit card stolen desperate money enter bar danielle enters stripping contest booed profusely clarke realizes biker gay bar danielle must strip instead clarke cheered dances caught joseph enters danielle collects prize money taken joseph car clarke provokes pulling car attack danielle flee danielle manages bus station upset leave clarke behind met mother leave danielle manages rejects revealing young daughter sad danielle home learning clarke sent military school danielle enters talent show sings do cry loud melissa manchester clarke favorite singer breaks singing clarke enters dressed military uniform finish song together danielle car clarke reveals mother let military school apartment alone mother planning divorcing ironically short time military school clark learned how defend against result longer bother danielle less rebellious attitude clarke longer afraid drive sunset,comedy,drama
"It is another peek at what goes on behind the glitz and glamour of Tollywood. Swastika plays an actress in a live-in relationship with her director (Amitabha). But the mysterious death of Swastika’s husband keeps haunting her. Satyabrato a boy from Hedua(North Calcutta) started nourishing a dream. His father got astonished hearing such a dream from a lower middleclass family chap. People of their class dream to be a Cost Accountant or sometimes even to be a Pilot but become a B.D.O. (Block Development Officer) at the end. But this boy have gone mad. He wants to be a hero, and in cinemas. Yes Cinemas, that's the most horrid part. If it was serial then there would have been a chance because they need people as because they are never ending. But Satyabrato stood apart. He started exercising physically and mentally. After many days he got in touch with a renowned director, a master craftsman regarding making Thrillers and Murder mysteries- Anirban Choudhury- Everything was going, OK for Satyabrato except his girlfriend who was not at all ready to hear all those bull shit and wanted him to give the SSC exams if he was at all ready to leave his present job. Glitter and glam was a part of life for Ananya. She loved and cherished these as she cherished looks of guys who wanted to be close to her. God gave her all these to hide her past life where she had a torrid experience with a man she loved. Though the man have passed, a scar remained in the minds of the NO 1 heroin. Her beloved husband was a talented director, who had even received a national award at a very young age. But suddenly Anirban came in the life of Ananya. Anirban a very shrude fellow, became very close to Ananya and slowly but surely webbed the heroin with his cunning brain. He poisoned her and insisted Ananya to kill Dipankar... Ananya liked Satyo for his innocence. A softness grew up and one fine evening, a bit drunk with nostalgia she disclosed the hidden truth to Satyo. And SATYO came out to be the one, nobody thought of. A reporter of a reputed News Channel, with a hidden camera.",peek behind glitz glamour tollywood swastika plays actress live relationship director amitabha mysterious death swastika s husband keeps haunting satyabrato boy hedua north calcutta started nourishing dream got astonished hearing such dream lower middleclass family chap people class dream cost accountant or sometimes even pilot become b d o block development officer end boy gone mad wants hero cinemas yes cinemas most horrid part serial would chance need people never ending satyabrato stood apart started exercising physically mentally many days got touch renowned director master craftsman regarding making thrillers murder mysteries anirban choudhury everything going ok satyabrato except girlfriend ready hear those bull shit wanted give ssc exams ready leave present job glitter glam part life ananya loved cherished these cherished looks guys wanted close god gave these hide past life torrid experience loved though passed scar remained minds heroin beloved husband talented director even received national award very young age suddenly anirban came life ananya anirban very shrude fellow became very close ananya slowly surely webbed heroin cunning brain poisoned insisted ananya kill dipankar ananya liked satyo innocence softness grew fine evening bit drunk nostalgia disclosed hidden truth satyo satyo came nobody thought reporter reputed news channel hidden camera,romance,drama
"Ageing widow Betsy Richards stays with each of her three sons in turn, to find out who she'd prefer to spend the rest of her days with. When her favorite, Hugh, leaves for America, she becomes distressed. Finally, the sons rally round and buy Betsy her own cottage in the village.",ageing widow betsy richards stays each three sons turn find would prefer spend rest days favorite hugh leaves america distressed finally sons rally round buy betsy cottage village,comedy,drama
"Anne Marie (Kate Bosworth), Eden (Michelle Rodriguez) and Lena (Sanoe Lake) are best friends. They raised Anne Marie's 14-year-old sister, Penny (Mika Boorem), ever since their mother took off to Las Vegas with a boyfriend who was uncomfortable with the idea of having the two girls come along. While Penny is at school, Anne Marie, Eden and Lena work as maids at a large resort hotel, but more importantly, they are surfers. Anne Marie rises every morning before dawn to train for her surfing comeback, and was once considered a rising star in women's surfing and competed as a youth, but an extreme wipeout and near-drowning incident temporarily halted her career, and left her with deep-seated fears. Her friends, especially Eden, have encouraged her to try it again. Anne Marie has been invited to join in an upcoming surf competition at the famed North Shore surf spot, Pipeline. She hopes to gain the attention of sponsors and get herself and her friends out of the near-poverty they are living in. As the Pipeline competition gets closer, she struggles to keep Penny under control and deal with her own personal issues. At work, Anne Marie meets and catches the eye of Matt Tollman (Matthew Davis), a National Football League quarterback in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl (it is hinted that he plays for the Minnesota Vikings). Matt is there with several of his rowdy teammates and instantly becomes attracted to the surfer. Through a series of chance encounters, she agrees to teach him how to surf for $150 per hour, and brings Lena, Eden and Penny along for the ride. When she goes to Matt's hotel room to get the money, they kiss as a call comes and Anne suspects that it is his wife but he promises it is his niece. Later they sleep together. Her acceptance of a non-local begins to cause friction between her and many of the young men in her surfing social circle. Anne Marie faces more problems when she and Eden argue about Anne Marie's lack of dedication to training for the Pipeline contest due to the sudden appearance of Matt. She also has to hear demeaning comments from several of the other football players' wives and girlfriends staying at the hotel about how she is undergoing the Matt Tollman makeover while attending a luau at the resort. Anne Marie confronts Matt about their situation and soon resolves to step up her game, as she finally commits herself to the Pipeline Masters. On the day of Pipeline, Anne Marie wipes out during her first heat, but advances to the next heat after narrowly beating pro surfer Kate Skarratt. She is shaken, but Matt tells her a story about his first game as an NFL quarterback and helps her regain her wavering confidence. Determined, but still afraid, Anne Marie returns to the water. Competing in the same heat is Keala Kennelly, one of the first professional female surfers, playing herself. While Keala surfs the first few sets of waves without wipe-outs, Anne Marie still has inhibitions about riding one, visions of another near-drowning incident holding her back. Keala finishes her turn, then paddles out and takes Anne Marie under her wing and encourages her to take the best wave of the day, on which Anne Marie manages to score perfectly. Although she does not advance to the next heat, she has regained her lost confidence, but also attracted the notice of sponsors, one of which includes an offer to join the Billabong women's surf team.",anne marie kate bosworth eden michelle rodriguez lena sanoe lake best friends raised anne marie year old sister penny mika boorem ever since mother took las vegas boyfriend uncomfortable idea girls along penny school anne marie eden lena work maids large resort hotel importantly surfers anne marie rises every morning dawn train surfing comeback once considered rising star women surfing competed youth extreme wipeout near drowning incident temporarily halted career left deep seated fears friends especially eden encouraged try anne marie invited join upcoming surf competition famed north shore surf spot pipeline hopes gain attention sponsors herself friends near poverty living pipeline competition closer struggles keep penny under control deal personal issues work anne marie meets catches eye matt tollman matthew davis national football league quarterback hawaii pro bowl hinted plays minnesota vikings matt several rowdy teammates instantly attracted surfer series chance encounters agrees teach how surf per hour brings lena eden penny along ride matt hotel room money kiss call anne suspects wife promises niece sleep together acceptance non local cause friction many young men surfing social circle anne marie faces problems eden argue anne marie lack dedication training pipeline contest due sudden appearance matt hear demeaning comments several football players wives girlfriends staying hotel how undergoing matt tollman makeover attending luau resort anne marie confronts matt situation resolves step game finally commits herself pipeline masters day pipeline anne marie wipes heat advances heat narrowly beating pro surfer kate skarratt shaken matt story game nfl quarterback helps regain wavering confidence determined afraid anne marie returns water competing same heat keala kennelly professional female surfers playing herself keala surfs few sets waves without wipe outs anne marie inhibitions riding visions near drowning incident holding keala finishes turn paddles anne marie under wing encourages best wave day anne marie manages score perfectly although advance heat regained lost confidence attracted notice sponsors includes offer join billabong women surf team,romance,drama
"Young lawyers Fred Palmer and Tom Reagan open an office down the hall from one occupied by L.T. Mitchell, who fronts a slot-machine operation run by Monk Walter, a brutal racketeer. Fred and Tom extend an invitation to a welcome party to Mitchell, who declines, but his stenographer Mildred Anderson accepts and quickly develops a romantic attraction to Fred. Trouble brews when Tom disapproves of the way Fred is representing guilty clients including Walter, who commits violent crimes as soon as he's back on the street. Fred does it to make money for the firm, but ultimately Tom breaks up the partnership to become district attorney and Mildred, after marrying Fred, also leaves. After the cold-blooded murder of Mitchell, a guilty conscience persuades Fred to change his ways, but Walter shoots him. Walter is killed during a police pursuit, Fred recovers in the hospital and Mildred returns to his side.",young lawyers fred palmer tom reagan open office hall occupied l t mitchell fronts slot machine operation run monk walter brutal racketeer fred tom extend invitation welcome party mitchell declines stenographer mildred anderson accepts quickly develops romantic attraction fred trouble brews tom disapproves fred representing guilty clients including walter commits violent crimes street fred money firm ultimately tom breaks partnership become district attorney mildred marrying fred leaves cold blooded murder mitchell guilty conscience persuades fred change ways walter shoots walter killed police pursuit fred recovers hospital mildred returns side,crime,drama
"The docks of New Orleans, Louisiana are controlled by Zero Saxon, a notorious racketeer. When former naval officer Dan Corbett arrives in town, wanting to open a shipping business of his own, he accepts a job working for Saxon to make some money, unaware of how corrupt Saxon's operation is. Alma Mae, girlfriend of longshoremen's union representative Jack Petty, are impressed by Dan when he flattens a drunk who has been annoying her. They help arrange Dan a job through Saxon's dock manager, Joe Reilly, whose wife Marie then invites Dan to dinner and introduces him to her brother, Scrappy Durant, a former prizefighter. Joe is killed by Saxon's thugs to keep him from informing on the illegal activities at the docks. Marie admits she's been expecting this to happen. Dan goes undercover, trying to help the New Orleans police investigate. Due to a misunderstanding, Scrappy attacks him in a boxing ring and Dan accidentally kills him with a punch. Dan is then beaten by Saxon's men, but with Alma's and Marie's help, he is able to assist the police in placing Saxon under arrest.",docks orleans louisiana controlled zero saxon notorious racketeer former naval officer dan corbett arrives town wanting open shipping business accepts job working saxon money unaware how corrupt saxon operation alma mae girlfriend longshoremen union representative jack petty impressed dan flattens drunk annoying arrange dan job saxon dock manager joe reilly whose wife marie invites dan dinner introduces brother scrappy durant former prizefighter joe killed saxon thugs keep informing illegal activities docks marie admits expecting happen dan undercover trying orleans police investigate due misunderstanding scrappy attacks boxing ring dan accidentally kills punch dan beaten saxon men alma marie able assist police placing saxon under arrest,crime,western
"Gucci (Wong Si-Man) is a teenager who seeks to enhance her own self-image through the acquisition of luxury goods, bidding online for a designer handbag that she cannot afford. Looking for a way to make quick money she comes into contact with Icy (Michelle Wai). Just 19 herself, Icy acts as an online procuress, down to a single regular working girl, the hypersexual Lin (Una Lin), she offers to act as an agent for the underage Gucci's virginity, she also convinces Ronnie (Bonnie Xian) to go on compensated dates. Ronnie comes from a wealthy background however she finds herself alone and afraid of forming emotional attachments, wanting to avoid the stigma of being a prostitute, she instead pays the men she goes on dates with. Despite the differences in background the four become friends. Unaware that the police are searching for a serial killer who has been targeting girls, Icy goes on a compensated date herself when she finds herself in need of some extra money and none of her girls are available. However she is filmed in the process of having sex and is blackmailed, although the girls manage to recover the incriminating material, Icy's boy friend discovers that she has broken her promise to him not to go on compensated dates and breaks-up with her. Despite the police catching the serial killer, the girls find that they have been exposed to another killer. A customer declares online that he is HIV positive and publishes the mobile phone numbers of girls he has been with, Icy, Lin and Ronnie find their numbers on the list. All four girls have blood tests despite Gucci still being a virgin (one attempt at selling her virginity ends when it is her own brother she finds waiting at a pre-arranged spot), the blood tests prove negative. The film ends with Ronnie deciding to take the money offered to her for sex, and Gucci meeting with a customer, a customer who turns out to be even younger than herself.",gucci wong si teenager seeks enhance self image acquisition luxury goods bidding online designer handbag cannot afford looking quick money contact icy michelle wai herself icy acts online procuress single regular working girl hypersexual lin una lin offers act agent underage gucci virginity convinces ronnie bonnie xian compensated dates ronnie wealthy background herself alone afraid forming emotional attachments wanting avoid stigma prostitute instead pays men dates despite differences background four become friends unaware police searching serial killer targeting girls icy compensated date herself herself need extra money none girls available filmed process sex blackmailed although girls manage recover incriminating material icy boy friend discovers broken promise compensated dates breaks despite police catching serial killer girls find exposed killer customer declares online hiv positive publishes mobile phone numbers girls icy lin ronnie find numbers list four girls blood tests despite gucci virgin attempt selling virginity ends brother waiting pre arranged spot blood tests prove negative film ends ronnie deciding money offered sex gucci meeting customer customer turns even younger than herself,drama,comedy
"Sasha walks through his life, leaving a bloody trace behind him. He is chased after. But evil be to the pursuer who will manage to draw up with him. The older he grows, the more he becomes a rectification tool against injustice. The more appalling is a crime, the more dreadful is his punishment. Shocking and unfathomable events slash the tissue of present-day reality. Gradually Sasha becomes too dangerous to live among people, and one day the entire world revolts against him. He possesses a supernatural power, enabling him to destroy everything on his way. SHE makes her sudden appearance on his way. Ignorant of his supernatural powers, she falls in love with him.",sasha walks life leaving bloody trace behind chased evil pursuer manage draw older grows rectification tool against injustice appalling crime dreadful punishment shocking unfathomable events slash tissue present day reality gradually sasha too dangerous live among people day entire world revolts against possesses supernatural power enabling destroy everything makes sudden appearance ignorant supernatural powers falls love,action,horror
"Phar Lap, known affectionately as Bobby by his strapper Tommy Woodcock (Burlinson), collapses and dies in Woodcock's arms, at Menlo Park in California, in 1932. The news is greeted with great sadness and anger in Australia. The remainder of the film is done as flashback. Five years earlier, Phar Lap arrives in Australia, purchased for ₤168 sight unseen from New Zealand. His trainer Harry Telford (Martin Vaughan), his wife Vi (Celia De Burgh) and young son Cappy watch as he's lowered onto the wharf by sling. Mrs Telford comments that she wonders what his (Telford's) American friend (owner David Davis (Leibman)) will think?. Davis is not impressed with the underweight, wart-ridden colt, calling him a cross between a sheep dog and a kangaroo, and orders Telford to sell him immediately. Telford protests, saying that the horse's pedigree is exceptional, with Carbine The greatest horse of them all on both sides of his bloodlines. Davis agrees to lease him to Telford for three years, keeping only one third of the winnings, though Telford must pay for his upkeep and keep his (Davis's) name out of it. As Phar Lap is brought into the stables, he and Woodcock form a strong bond. After Telford works Phar Lap hard in the sand dunes, the young strapper finds him exhausted in his stable and immediately goes to Telford's home and complains about how hard he works the horse saying that he looked half dead, causing Telford to sack him. However, Telford is soon forced to reinstate Woodcock when Phar Lap stops eating and won't let anyone near him without ripping the shirt from their back. Phar Lap fails badly in his first few races, but Woodcock educates the horse by holding him back in trackwork, sensing that he likes to come from behind, though Telford takes the credit telling Davis that he has knocked that lazy streak out of him at last. After convincing Davis to pay the ₤30 entry fee, this pays off at the 1929 AJC Derby run at the Randwick Racecourse in Sydney. The film shows this as Phar Lap's first win although his first was actually six months earlier in the RRC Maiden Juvenile Handicap at Sydney's other main racecourse Rosehill. The win saves Phar Lap from being sold and the winnings, ₤7,135 (⅓ of which went to Davis) saves Telford from bankruptcy. As the Great Depression bites, Phar Lap wins every race he enters. Davis attempts to capitalise on his success through shady betting schemes with known gambling identity Eric Connolly (John Stanton), something Telford wants no part of. In preparation for the Melbourne Cup, the premier race in Australia, Davis pressures Telford to scratch Phar Lap from the Caulfield Cup, to maximise Davis's betting returns. Under great financial pressure, Telford reluctantly agrees. As Woodcock walks the horse back from track work, someone tries to shoot the horse in the street. Woodcock and Phar Lap go into hiding at a stud farm outside Melbourne, arriving at Flemington Racecourse at the very last minute for the 1930 Melbourne Cup. Phar Lap wins, ridden by champion jockey Jim Pike (James Steele). In the 1931 Cup, the VRC, led by its Chairman Lachlan McKinnon (Vincent Ball), imposes an unprecedented weight of 10 st 10 lb (68 kg), to better horse racing and refuses to allow Davis to scratch his horse. Phar Lap surges to the lead but fades and finishes eighth, and the racing authorities face jeering crowds. The horse is now back under Davis's control, after the three-year agreement runs out. Davis then offers half of Phar Lap's ownership to Telford for ₤20,000, for which Telford refuses. Telford then has a hoof injury faked on the horse and hoodwinks Davis into thinking that the Red Terror is lame and agreeing to sell the half share for only ₤4,000. Davis realises he's been had when Phar lap easily wins his next race. After the 1931 Melbourne Cup, Davis is approached by Jim Crofton (Roger Newcombe) about racing Phar Lap in the Agua Caliente Handicap at the Agua Caliente Racetrack in Tijuana, Mexico. Davis, knowing that the horse would never be allowed to race fairly in Australia while being so heavily weighted and also knowing that Weight for Age races offered less prize money, agrees but has to convince Telford it's worthwhile. Telford initially disagrees citing Australia's Quarantine Laws, but reluctantly agrees after Davis convinces him of the financial windfall if Phar Lap wins. Telford, saying that it has brought him nothing but trouble refuses to go himself, preferring to concentrate on his new stud and stables at Braeside, south of Melbourne and promotes Woodcock to be Phar Lap's trainer knowing the horse wouldn't do anything without Woodcock there with him. Also traveling with Phar Lap are 'Cashy' Martin (Richard Morgan) as his new strapper, veterinarian Bill Nielsen (Robert Grubb) and jockey Billy Elliot (Paul Riley). After arriving in the United States, Davis is forced to confront Crofton after finding that the race's purse has been halved from US$100,000 to $50,000. Woodcock soon clashes with Davis over the new trainers softer methods and sometimes non-cooperative ways, including taking Phar Lap away from a press conference and back to his stable before the conference was finished. When questioned by Crofton about sacking Woodcock, Davis explains that If I did the goddamn horse would sit in his stall for the next month and cry. Woodcock also doesn't listen to advice about different horse shoes to suit the different track surface and Phar Lap badly cracks his front right hoof further hampering his preparation for the big race. Before the race word gets out that some jockeys may have been bribed to keep him boxed into the rails during the race not allowing him to win and keep gamblers from losing large amounts of money so Davis instructs Billy Elliot to lead from the start. Behind Davis's back, Woodcock immediately counters this by telling Elliot to run Phar Lap's normal race of starting slow and finishing fast. Using Woodcock's advice (which initially angers Davis), Phar Lap wins the Agua Caliente Handicap in Mexico, blood streaming from a split hoof. He dies soon after, in suspicious circumstances.",phar lap known affectionately bobby strapper tommy woodcock burlinson collapses dies woodcock arms menlo park california news greeted great sadness anger australia remainder film done flashback five years earlier phar lap arrives australia purchased sight unseen zealand trainer harry telford martin vaughan wife vi celia de burgh young son cappy watch lowered onto wharf sling mrs telford comments wonders telford american friend owner david davis leibman think davis impressed underweight wart ridden colt calling cross sheep dog kangaroo orders telford sell immediately telford protests saying horse pedigree exceptional carbine greatest horse sides bloodlines davis agrees lease telford three years keeping third winnings though telford must pay upkeep keep davis name phar lap brought stables woodcock form strong bond telford works phar lap hard sand dunes young strapper exhausted stable immediately telford home complains how hard works horse saying looked half dead causing telford sack telford forced reinstate woodcock phar lap stops eating wo let anyone near without ripping shirt phar lap fails badly few races woodcock educates horse holding trackwork sensing likes behind though telford credit telling davis knocked lazy streak last convincing davis pay entry fee pays ajc derby run randwick racecourse sydney film shows phar lap win although actually six months earlier rrc maiden juvenile handicap sydney main racecourse rosehill win saves phar lap sold winnings went davis saves telford bankruptcy great depression bites phar lap wins every race enters davis attempts capitalise success shady betting schemes known gambling identity eric connolly john stanton something telford wants part preparation melbourne cup premier race australia davis pressures telford scratch phar lap caulfield cup maximise davis betting returns under great financial pressure telford reluctantly agrees woodcock walks horse track work someone shoot horse street woodcock phar lap hiding stud farm outside melbourne arriving flemington racecourse very last minute melbourne cup phar lap wins ridden champion jockey jim pike james steele cup vrc led chairman lachlan mckinnon vincent ball imposes unprecedented weight st lb kg better horse racing refuses allow davis scratch horse phar lap surges lead fades finishes eighth racing authorities face jeering crowds horse under davis control three year agreement runs davis offers half phar lap ownership telford telford refuses telford hoof injury faked horse hoodwinks davis thinking red terror lame agreeing sell half share davis realises phar lap easily wins race melbourne cup davis approached jim crofton roger newcombe racing phar lap agua caliente handicap agua caliente racetrack tijuana mexico davis knowing horse would never allowed race fairly australia heavily weighted knowing weight age races offered less prize money agrees convince telford worthwhile telford initially disagrees citing australia quarantine laws reluctantly agrees davis convinces financial windfall phar lap wins telford saying brought nothing trouble refuses preferring concentrate stud stables braeside south melbourne promotes woodcock phar lap trainer knowing horse would do anything without woodcock traveling phar lap cashy martin richard morgan strapper veterinarian bill nielsen robert grubb jockey billy elliot paul riley arriving united states davis forced confront crofton finding race purse halved us woodcock clashes davis trainers softer methods sometimes non cooperative ways including taking phar lap press conference stable conference finished questioned crofton sacking woodcock davis explains i did goddamn horse would sit stall month cry woodcock listen advice different horse shoes suit different track surface phar lap badly cracks front right hoof further hampering preparation big race race word jockeys may bribed keep boxed rails race allowing win keep gamblers losing large amounts money davis instructs billy elliot lead start behind davis woodcock immediately counters telling elliot run phar lap normal race starting slow finishing fast using woodcock advice initially angers davis phar lap wins agua caliente handicap mexico blood streaming split hoof dies suspicious circumstances,drama,comedy
"As a young man, JB (Jack Black) leaves his religious family and oppressive Midwestern town for Hollywood on a quest to form the world's most awesome rock band. There he meets acoustic guitarist KG (Kyle Gass), who is performing on the street, and begins worshipping him as a rock god because of his skills and attitude. KG feeds JB's fantasy by pretending to be famous with a self-named band (The Kyle Gass Project), and exploits him to do work such as cleaning his apartment and buying him weed (under the promise that JB can audition for his fictitious band.) After JB learns KG is actually unemployed and living off his parents, the two become equal, and KG apologizes to JB by giving him a brand-new guitar. They create their own band: Tenacious D, named for birthmarks found on their buttocks. (JB has a birthmark which says: Tenac, and KG has a mark which reads: ious D.) Soon JB and KG learn the deepest secret of rock: all the rock legends used the same guitar pick, The Pick of Destiny, which has supernatural powers. It was created by a dark wizard from a piece of Satan's tooth, as a gift to a blacksmith who saved his life from the great demon. The pick gives its holder unnatural abilities with stringed instruments. Infatuated by the prospect of becoming the next great rock star, JB immediately sets Tenacious D on a quest to steal the Pick of Destiny from a rock history museum. Along the way, the band briefly splits up, when KG decides that sex comes first in sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, while JB wants to stick to the mission at hand. But soon, JB and KG come back together when they realize they need each other as friends. The two manage to steal the Pick of Destiny due to incompetent security at the rock museum. Armed with this supernatural pick, they plan to use the winnings from a local bar's talent contest to pay their rent, but before they can go on stage, they argue over who gets to use the pick first, snapping it in half accidentally. After a pep-talk from the bar's owner, they decide they are good enough to go onto the contest without the pick, not knowing that the owner is Satan in human form, looking for his missing tooth piece. Coming back outside (deciding they can both use half of the pick), they are confronted by Satan, who is complete when he places the Pick of Destiny back on his broken tooth, giving him the ability to use his supernatural powers on Earth. He threatens to make Tenacious D his first victim. To save their lives, Tenacious D challenge Satan to a rock-off, which he cannot deny, as the demon code strictly forbids him from declining such a challenge. As the bargain goes, if Tenacious D wins, Satan must return to hell on his own and pay their rent. But if Satan wins, he gets to take KG back with him as a sex slave. Ultimately, they lose (KG sings, That was a masterpiece! / He rocks too hard because he's not a mortal man.), and Satan attempts to shoot KG with a bolt of energy. JB jumps in the way, and the bolt bounces off his guitar, blowing off a piece of Satan's horn. JB is able to send him back to Hell with a magical incantation. (As explained earlier, should Satan become incomplete, he can be banished from the Earth with said incantation.) The two turn Satan's horn into the Bong of Destiny and the movie closes with the two smoking from it as they write new songs.",young jb jack black leaves religious family oppressive midwestern town hollywood quest form world most awesome rock band meets acoustic guitarist kg kyle gass performing street worshipping rock god skills attitude kg feeds jb fantasy pretending famous self named band kyle gass project exploits do work such cleaning apartment buying weed under promise jb audition fictitious band jb learns kg actually unemployed living parents become equal kg apologizes jb giving brand guitar create band tenacious d named birthmarks found buttocks jb birthmark says tenac kg mark reads ious d jb kg learn deepest secret rock rock legends used same guitar pick pick destiny supernatural powers created dark wizard piece satan tooth gift blacksmith saved life great demon pick gives holder unnatural abilities stringed instruments infatuated prospect becoming great rock star jb immediately sets tenacious d quest steal pick destiny rock history museum along band briefly splits kg decides sex sex drugs rock n roll jb wants stick mission hand jb kg together realize need each friends manage steal pick destiny due incompetent security rock museum armed supernatural pick plan use winnings local bar talent contest pay rent stage argue use pick snapping half accidentally pep talk bar owner decide good enough onto contest without pick knowing owner satan human form looking missing tooth piece coming outside deciding use half pick confronted satan complete places pick destiny broken tooth giving ability use supernatural powers earth threatens tenacious d victim save lives tenacious d challenge satan rock cannot deny demon code strictly forbids declining such challenge bargain tenacious d wins satan must return hell pay rent satan wins kg sex slave ultimately lose kg sings masterpiece rocks too hard mortal satan attempts shoot kg bolt energy jb jumps bolt bounces guitar blowing piece satan horn jb able send hell magical incantation explained earlier should satan become incomplete banished earth said incantation turn satan horn bong destiny movie closes smoking write songs,comedy,horror
"Parvataneni Tulasi Ram aka Tulasi (Venkatesh) is a native of Palnadu region. As his region is well known for factional feuds, his father Dasaratha Ramayya (Vijaykumar) keeps him away in Hyderabad and get him educated and makes him an architect. Once he goes to an abroad trip, where he comes across Vasundhara aka Vasu (Nayantara) and loses his heart. He marries her and they continue to lead a happy life. When Vasu turns pregnant, Tulasi takes her to their native place to share the happy moments with the entire family. He turns violent when a rival faction pushes his father and teaches all of them a big lesson with a lot of bloodsheds. Even as he was silent, the factional feuds continue to haunt him and Vasu couldn't digest the violence and deserts him with their son Harsha (Atulith), when her brother (Sivaji) dies in the attack by factionists. Later, Tulasi comes to know that Harsha has a blood clot in his brain and it may cause hemorrhage. With the help of Dr. Surekha (Ramya Krishnan), he summons specialists from abroad to get him operated. When everything is ready for the surgery, a gangster (Ashish Vidyarthi) takes away the boy, as both of his sons were killed by Tulasi. In the climax, again Tulasi turns violent and kills everyone to save his son's life. Learning that violence would not only take the lives but also saves lives, Vasu reunites with Tulasi and the film ends on a happy note.",parvataneni tulasi ram aka tulasi venkatesh native palnadu region region well known factional feuds dasaratha ramayya vijaykumar keeps hyderabad educated makes architect once abroad trip across vasundhara aka vasu nayantara loses heart marries continue lead happy life vasu turns pregnant tulasi native place share happy moments entire family turns violent rival faction pushes teaches big lesson lot bloodsheds even silent factional feuds continue haunt vasu could digest violence deserts son harsha atulith brother sivaji dies attack factionists tulasi know harsha blood clot brain may cause hemorrhage dr surekha ramya krishnan summons specialists abroad operated everything ready surgery gangster ashish vidyarthi boy sons were killed tulasi climax tulasi turns violent kills everyone save son life learning violence would lives saves lives vasu reunites tulasi film ends happy note,action,romance
A magic Monkey's Paw grants its owner three wishes before a disaster befalls them.,magic monkey paw grants owner three wishes disaster befalls,horror,comedy
"On the planet Eternia, at the center of the Universe, Skeletor's army seizes Castle Grayskull, scatters the remaining Eternian defenders, and captures the Sorceress of Grayskull, planning to add her power to his own by the next moonrise. Skeletor's archenemy, the warrior He-Man, veteran soldier Man-At-Arms, and his daughter Teela rescue Gwildor from Skeletor's forces. Gwildor, a Thenorian locksmith, reveals that Skeletor has acquired his invention: a Cosmic Key that can open a portal to anywhere by utilizing sound keys. The device was stolen by Skeletor's second-in-command, Evil-Lyn, allowing Skeletor to breach Castle Grayskull. With Gwildor's remaining prototype of the Key in hand, He-Man and his friends travel to the Castle. They attempt to free the Sorceress but are overwhelmed by Skeletor's army and forced to flee through Gwildor's hastily opened portal, transporting them to Earth. The Key is misplaced on their arrival and discovered by two New Jersey teenagers, orphaned high school girl Julie Winston and her boyfriend Kevin Corrigan. The pair attempt to figure out what the Key is and accidentally send a signal that allows Evil-Lyn to track the Key and send her henchmen – Saurod, Blade, Beast Man and Karg – to recover it. Kevin, an aspiring musician, mistakes the Key for a synthesizer and takes it to a music store run by his friend Charlie. Karg's team arrives and chases Julie until He-Man comes across her and rescues her. Karg's team returns to Grayskull where, incensed by their failure, Skeletor kills Saurod and sends the others back to Earth, with a larger force under Evil-Lyn's command. Unable to find Julie, Kevin is taken to Julie's house by Lubic, a detective investigating the disturbance created by Karg's team. Suspecting the Key is stolen, Lubic confiscates it from Kevin and leaves. Immediately afterward, Evil-Lyn captures and interrogates Kevin for the Key's location with a mind control collar, before pursuing Lubic. Julie and the Eternians release Kevin from the collar before they go after Lubic and the Key. They manage to get hold of them in Charlie's store, but Skeletor's forces catch up with them, and a pitched battle ensues. Evil-Lyn recovers the key and summons Skeletor to Earth. Skeletor's forces capture the Eternians, and Julie is mortally wounded by Skeletor's lightning blast, which simultaneously erases the memory storage of Gwildor's Key. He-Man surrenders to save his comrades and is returned to Eternia as Skeletor's slave. Skeletor demands that He-Man kneel before him for all of Eternia to witness, before he is killed. He-Man refuses and is lashed by Blade's laser whip in an attempt to make him submit. He-Man is still standing when the moon rises, and Skeletor absorbs the powers of the universe. Declaring himself the Master of the Universe, Skeletor asserts his victory and continues to torture He-Man with energy blasts. Back on Earth, Gwildor repairs the Cosmic Key, and Kevin recreates the tones necessary to create a gateway to Eternia. The group, including Lubic who attempts to arrest them, are transported to Castle Grayskull, where they begin battling Skeletor's forces. Resenting that Skeletor absorbed the power of the Universe without sharing it with her, Evil-Lyn deserts him along with the other henchmen. Skeletor accidentally frees He-Man, who reclaims the Sword of Grayskull, and they battle until He-Man shatters Skeletor's staff, removing his new powers and restoring him to his normal state. He-Man offers mercy, but Skeletor draws a concealed sword and attempts to kill He-Man; He-Man knocks Skeletor into a towering pit below. The freed Sorceress heals Julie, and a portal is opened to send the Earthlings home. Hailed as a hero for his bravery, Lubic decides to remain on Eternia. Julie awakens on the morning of her parents' deaths by plane crash. She prevents them from taking the ill-fated flight by taking their keys, and runs outside to find Kevin. Kevin confirms that their experiences were real, producing a souvenir from Eternia: a small blue sphere containing a scene of He-Man in front of Castle Grayskull with his sword raised above his head. In a post-credits scene, Skeletor's head emerges from the water at the bottom of the pit, saying I'll be back!.",planet eternia center universe skeletor army seizes castle grayskull scatters remaining eternian defenders captures sorceress grayskull planning add power moonrise skeletor archenemy warrior veteran soldier arms daughter teela rescue gwildor skeletor forces gwildor thenorian locksmith reveals skeletor acquired invention cosmic key open portal anywhere utilizing sound keys device stolen skeletor second command evil lyn allowing skeletor breach castle grayskull gwildor remaining prototype key hand friends travel castle attempt free sorceress overwhelmed skeletor army forced flee gwildor hastily opened portal transporting earth key misplaced arrival discovered jersey teenagers orphaned high school girl julie winston boyfriend kevin corrigan pair attempt figure key accidentally send signal allows evil lyn track key send henchmen saurod blade beast karg recover kevin aspiring musician mistakes key synthesizer music store run friend charlie karg team arrives chases julie until across rescues karg team returns grayskull incensed failure skeletor kills saurod sends others earth larger force under evil lyn command unable find julie kevin taken julie lubic detective investigating disturbance created karg team suspecting key stolen lubic confiscates kevin leaves immediately afterward evil lyn captures interrogates kevin key location mind control collar pursuing lubic julie eternians release kevin collar lubic key manage hold charlie store skeletor forces catch pitched battle ensues evil lyn recovers key summons skeletor earth skeletor forces capture eternians julie mortally wounded skeletor lightning blast simultaneously erases memory storage gwildor key surrenders save comrades returned eternia skeletor slave skeletor demands kneel eternia witness killed refuses lashed blade laser whip attempt submit standing moon rises skeletor absorbs powers universe declaring master universe skeletor asserts victory continues torture energy blasts earth gwildor repairs cosmic key kevin recreates tones necessary create gateway eternia group including lubic attempts arrest transported castle grayskull begin battling skeletor forces resenting skeletor absorbed power universe without sharing evil lyn deserts along henchmen skeletor accidentally frees reclaims sword grayskull battle until shatters skeletor staff removing powers restoring normal state offers mercy skeletor draws concealed sword attempts kill knocks skeletor towering pit below freed sorceress heals julie portal opened send earthlings home hailed hero bravery lubic decides remain eternia julie awakens morning parents deaths plane crash prevents taking ill fated flight taking keys runs outside find kevin kevin confirms experiences were real producing souvenir eternia small blue sphere containing scene front castle grayskull sword raised above head post credits scene skeletor head emerges water bottom pit saying i,sci-fi,animation
"Beautiful Radha lives in a small hill-station in India. One day, Mahesh comes for sight-seeing, both meet, fall in love with each other, get intimate, and Mahesh promises to return, marry her and take her with him to live in Bombay. He does not return, Radha continues to search for him in every train that stops at Shampur, in vain. She eventually gives birth to a baby girl, Laxmi, and both are looked after by Shampur's kind-hearted Station Master. Radha does come across Mahesh, but he refuses to recognize her, and she kills herself. The Station Master takes Laxmi to her next of kin, in all two families, but all reject Laxmi, consider her inauspicious, and will have nothing to do with her. He leaves Laxmi with her maternal grandparent, Bhagwanti and her husband, but Laxmi is abused and she runs away to Bombay, where she is befriended and looked after by a blind beggar, Anwar. One day Laxmi and Anwar find that they have won a lottery worth 2.5 lakh rupees, are delighted, and look forward to the positive change in their lives. Laxmi is happy as she feels that she will be able to find her parents with her new-found wealth. Then all of Laxmi's relatives descend on them, their neighbors show their greed by severely beating up Anwar, and Laxmi runs away, followed closely by people with only one motive - steal the lottery ticket from her. Laxmi seeks the help of the police, and Inspector James is asked to look after her. Then a man claiming to be her father comes to take possession of her, but Laxmi remembers him as the man who had refused to recognize Radha and refuses to go with him. Subsequently, Mahesh returns with Radha, much to Laxmi's delight - which only turns to sorrow and heartbreak when she finds out that it is not Radha but a prostitute by the name of Girja - who is assisting Mahesh to get the lottery ticket. Looks like Laxmi is headed for heartbreak upon heartbreak, and may not find the happiness that she is looking for.",beautiful radha lives small hill station india day mahesh sight seeing meet fall love each intimate mahesh promises return marry live bombay return radha continues search every train stops shampur vain gives birth baby girl laxmi looked shampur kind hearted station master radha across mahesh refuses recognize kills herself station master laxmi kin families reject laxmi consider inauspicious nothing do leaves laxmi maternal grandparent bhagwanti husband laxmi abused runs bombay befriended looked blind beggar anwar day laxmi anwar find won lottery worth lakh rupees delighted look forward positive change lives laxmi happy feels able find parents found wealth laxmi relatives descend neighbors show greed severely beating anwar laxmi runs followed closely people motive steal lottery ticket laxmi seeks police inspector james asked look claiming possession laxmi remembers refused recognize radha refuses subsequently mahesh returns radha much laxmi delight turns sorrow heartbreak radha prostitute name girja assisting mahesh lottery ticket looks like laxmi headed heartbreak upon heartbreak may find happiness looking,drama,romance
"In the final phase of the Pacific War, the Imperial Japanese Army were developing a gigantic robot Tetsujin 28-go as the secret weapon to fight against the Allies. However, Japan had surrendered before they can complete its construction. After the war, Dr. Kaneda, the developer of Tetsujin 28-go passed his robot to his son Shotaro Kaneda.",final phase pacific war imperial japanese army were developing gigantic robot tetsujin secret weapon fight against allies japan surrendered complete construction war dr kaneda developer tetsujin passed robot son shotaro kaneda,animation,action
"A young defense worker Kathie Aumont (Simone Simon) comes to Washington DC only to find that her friend Sally, with whom she was going to live, is newly married. This leaves Kathie with nowhere to sleep. Luckily she falls in love with a newly inducted Marine, who gives her the key to his apartment. Unluckily he's also given keys to all his friends. The wartime housing shortage in various large urban areas was a recurrent subject for American comedies during The Second World War. This film was distinctive in that it was a comedy-fantasy. On a train headed from her home province of Quebec to New York City at the film's beginning, Simon accidentally spills salt. Deeply superstitious, she believes this condemns her to seven weeks of bad luck. She is correct, as she is thereafter pursued by a mischievous gremlin whom only she can see who does things such as tamper with her alarm clock. The film's interest and charm derives in large part from its extremely varied cast of supporting players. Although Robert Mitchum's role in the film has come to be emphasized for marketing purposes, he was not yet a star and only appears in the last twenty minutes or so of the movie. Horror film staple Rondo Hatton speaks no lines and gets a laugh merely by appearing on screen briefly in a surprise appearance. Billy Laughlin, playing a child who lives in Simon's apartment building, was better known at the time as Froggy in the Our Gang shorts.",young defense worker kathie aumont simone simon washington dc find friend sally whom going live newly married leaves kathie nowhere sleep luckily falls love newly inducted marine gives key apartment unluckily given keys friends wartime housing shortage various large urban areas recurrent subject american comedies second world war film distinctive comedy fantasy train headed home province quebec york city film beginning simon accidentally spills salt deeply superstitious believes condemns seven weeks bad luck correct thereafter pursued mischievous gremlin whom see things such tamper alarm clock film interest charm derives large part extremely varied cast supporting players although robert mitchum role film emphasized marketing purposes yet star appears last twenty minutes or movie horror film staple rondo hatton speaks lines laugh merely appearing screen briefly surprise appearance billy laughlin playing child lives simon apartment building better known time froggy our gang shorts,romance,comedy
The film takes place at a school in Japan where a group of students and their teacher have to wait out a storm that is passing by. The protagonist Azuma has been fighting with his best friend Saijo and has a lot on his mind when he encounters a girl (Noruda) with a mysterious necklace. The girl seems to be in trouble and somehow connected to the storm. Azuma is taken over by a strong will to help this enchanting girl. Who is she and why is she in the middle of the storm? Can Azuma be any help to her? Why is his relationship with Saijo in such turmoil? The story combines little everyday problems and joys with an adventure that is out of this world.,film place school japan group students teacher wait storm passing protagonist azuma fighting best friend saijo lot mind encounters girl noruda mysterious necklace girl seems trouble somehow connected storm azuma taken strong enchanting girl why middle storm azuma any why relationship saijo such turmoil story combines little everyday problems joys adventure world,animation,drama
"Chandershekhar Pandey and his wife, Lajwanti, come to visit Brij Bhushan and his widowed mother in their village. They assure Brij's mother that in exchange for their land, they will get Brij a small shop in Bombay, and in this way they get the land transferred into their name. Ten years later, Brij's mother dies and Brij moves to Bhuleshwar, Bombay, where Chandershekhar lives with his wife, two unmarried sons, Ram and Shyam, and an unmarried daughter, Bindu. Brij is treated as a mere servant, not paid, but abused and beaten everyday, needless to say Chandershekhar is not going to fulfill his promise of getting him a shop. His only companion on whose shoulder he can cry is the Pandey's maidservant, Parvati alias Paro. Then things turn better for Brij when he finds himself the lucky owner of a Rs.2,50,000 lottery ticket. This suddenly changes everyone's attitude toward him, he is pampered, fed, driven around town, and even given new clothes. But when the Pandeys find out that the ticket he is holding is not the winning number, Brij is once again beaten, and asked to leave. But then, a government official arrives and tells the family and Birju that he has instead won the first prize of lottery worth Rs. 5,00,000. Once again Brij is flattered by family members, but he realizes their intentions and runs away with Paro. Later there is a fight between the family and Birju in which he finally manages to scare away Pandeys' family. The story end showing Birju now happily farming in the village with his wife Paro.",chandershekhar pandey wife lajwanti visit brij bhushan widowed mother village assure brij mother exchange land brij small shop bombay land transferred name ten years brij mother dies brij moves bhuleshwar bombay chandershekhar lives wife unmarried sons ram shyam unmarried daughter bindu brij treated mere servant paid abused beaten everyday needless say chandershekhar going fulfill promise getting shop companion whose shoulder cry pandey maidservant parvati alias paro things turn better brij lucky owner rs lottery ticket suddenly changes everyone attitude toward pampered fed driven around town even given clothes pandeys find ticket holding winning number brij once beaten asked leave government official arrives family birju instead won prize lottery worth rs once brij flattered family members realizes intentions runs paro fight family birju finally manages scare pandeys family story end showing birju happily farming village wife paro,romance,drama
"Former Music-Hall act 'Flatfoot' Mason (Frank Randle) is caretaker at a school where one of the pupils, and unbeknownst to her, is his daughter, Betty (Terry Randall); who was put up for adoption when his wife died. She is now a teenager and this causes concern, as the staff feel 'Flatfoot' is being over attentive to her. Told to pay her less attention, 'Flatfoot' reluctantly obeys, but Betty thinks he's rejecting her and decides to run away to make her name in show-business. Along with fellow caretakers (Dan Young and Alec Pleon), 'Flatfoot' tracks her down to a seedy cabaret club. In disguise as a Chinese acrobatic troupe, The Three Who Flungs, 'Flatfoot' and friends attempt to persuade Betty to come home.",former music hall act flatfoot mason frank randle caretaker school pupils unbeknownst daughter betty terry randall put adoption wife died teenager causes concern staff feel flatfoot attentive told pay less attention flatfoot reluctantly obeys betty thinks rejecting decides run name show business along fellow caretakers dan young alec pleon flatfoot tracks seedy cabaret club disguise chinese acrobatic troupe three flungs flatfoot friends attempt persuade betty home,comedy,drama
"A senior civil servant, Pitt (Morell) has been convicted of a murder and sentenced to death. Days before his execution, Pitt reveals that he has been passing on top secret information to an agent of a foreign power and offers to reveal the identity of his handler in exchange for a reprieve. With only five days before Pitt's execution, debonair Special Branch Inspector Ralph Brown (Morgan) takes on the task of identifying the spy before he flees the country. The starring role of Brown was an unusual part for Morgan, who was better known in British film for playing villains and criminals.",senior civil servant pitt morell convicted murder sentenced death days execution pitt reveals passing top secret information agent foreign power offers reveal identity handler exchange reprieve five days pitt execution debonair special branch inspector ralph brown morgan task identifying spy flees country starring role brown unusual part morgan better known british film playing villains criminals,drama,action
"Commander Peter Kent of the Royal Navy and his wife May have three children, ranging from five to eleven years: Peter, Anne and Fusty. Kent comes home after three years abroad with no idea how to handle the children. When Mary has to fly to Canada, Peter takes his children to his father's new country home, which turns out to be a windmill. They end up clashing with an American family in the neighbourhood.",commander peter kent royal navy wife may three children ranging five eleven years peter anne fusty kent home three years abroad idea how handle children mary fly canada peter children country home turns windmill end clashing american family neighbourhood,comedy,drama
"Nick Conover (Pat Boone), a Chicago youth, arrives at his Aunt Henrietta Bruce (Jeanette Nolan) and Uncle Jed Bruce (Arthur O'Connell), Kentucky horse farm. Neither has seen Nick since he was a child. The move is part of Nick’s parole condition after being convicted for joyriding in a stolen vehicle with his friends. Uncle Jed initially does not want Nick in his home, and is openly hostile toward him. Only the Bruces and the local sheriff know why Nick moved there. Nick gradually realizes that Uncle Jed’s curmudgeonly attitude stems from the loss of his only son, Jed Bruce Jr. who was killed in the Korean War. Uncle Jed, who once raised, trained, and raced horses for harness racing, has neglected the farm. Only one horse remains, a spirited and largely unmanageable stallion named Tugfire, his son's favorite. Nick learns how unmanageable Tugfire when he gets into the corral alone with Tugfire, who charges him. This incident and others show that Nick is not drawn to or knows anything about horses. Nick meets the Bruces' neighbors, the Templetons, after the younger Templeton daughter, Liz Templeton (Shirley Jones), arrives to invite Jeb and Nick to their farm. Nick goes, and is amazed at how lavish the Templeton farm is compared to his aunt and uncle’s. Liz is the tomboy and farm lover, while her elder sister, Fran Templeton (Dolores Michaels), who has a boyfriend Al Turner (Bradford Jackson), is the sophisticate. While Liz drives one of the horses around the track, Nick, ignoring Liz, is attracted to Fran and her sports car, even checking under the hood. Fran offers to let him drive it, which he declines as that would break the conditions of his parole, something which she does not know. His love of anything mechanical becomes evident as he fixes Uncle Jed’s tractor without being told and, with Uncle Jed’s approval, fixes the old jalopy sitting in the barn, which he can only drive around the property. Liz, attracted to Nick, helps him with the jalopy to spend time with him. Nick spends time with both Templeton girls and sees Liz as a good sport and Fran as girlfriend material, though she is with Al. The four get along well together, despite Liz knowing that Nick is attracted to Fran. Liz’s attraction to Nick continues to grow. At a barbecue, Nick boasts to Fran that his jalopy could outperform her sports car in a drag race. Fran suggests they race on a back country road. Even though it violates his parole condition, Nick agrees. During the race, Fran drives off the road, crashing through a fence, and damaging her car. She and Al are not hurt. While driving his jalopy around the track, Nick spooks Tugfire, who jumps the corral fence and runs off. Tugfire, tangled in prickly brambles, is freed by Nick. Uncle Jed and Aunt Henrietta are surprised to see a calm Tugfire being led by Nick. Uncle Jed believes that he can train Nick to ride Tugfire in harness races, despite Nick knowing nothing about horses. Eventually, Nick’s training goes well enough, but Liz believes. Shortly before the harness races at the Bentonville Fair, Tugfire becomes ill after Nick leaves him in the corral during a severe storm. The vet does wht he can to treat Tugfire. Late into the night with Nick, Liz and Uncle Jed keeping vigil, Tugfire gets up. After a quick examination, Uncle Jed believes he will be able to race. In the excitement of Tugfire’s improved condition, Liz gives Nick a quick kiss, which is the first time Nick sees Liz in a more romantic light. At the fair, Nick and Liz declare their romantic interest to each other, culminating with them almost kissing on the ferris wheel. About the races, Nick is told that he only has to win one of the two heats to make it into the finals. He and Tugfire do win the first heat, largely because he was an unknown racer, and thus no one paid any attention to him. In the second heat, he is boxed in by the Templetons' rider, their wheels locked. As the Templetons' rider will not let him pass on the inside, Nick hastily tries to muscle his way through. He crashes and the sulky is damaged. Uncle Jed decides to pull Nick and Tugfire from the finals because he realizes he has placed too much pressure on Nick. Nick, however, wants to race in the finals, with a sulky donated by Mr. Templeton. In the finals, Uncle Jed, from the sidelines, has in his mind what Nick needs to do, Nick doing exactly that during the race. Nick drives down the stretch to win the race. His victory is overshadowed by the fact that immediately after the race, the local sheriff has come to arrest Nick and send him back to Chicago for parole violation. Not knowing it would cause any problems, Fran filed an accident report about her automobile crash, stating Nick was driver of the other vehicle. Liz steps in to say that Fran was mistaken, and that she was the driver, a story which Fran corroborates. Aunt Henrietta pipes in as well saying that she can also corroborate the story, when in reality she was not even at the scene. Nick, wanting to do the right thing, confesses that Fran’s report as is correct. The sheriff, who earlier had been told by Mr. Templeton to let Nick be since it was a minor infraction and no one got hurt, then asks Nick sarcastically why he would call Liz, Fran and Aunt Henrietta liars. They are all jubilant that Nick is not arrested and is able to stay, leading to a happy ending for Nick and Liz as they all drive back to the farm.",nick conover pat boone chicago youth arrives aunt henrietta bruce jeanette nolan uncle jed bruce arthur o connell kentucky horse farm neither seen nick since child move part nick s parole condition convicted joyriding stolen vehicle friends uncle jed initially want nick home openly hostile toward bruces local sheriff know why nick moved nick gradually realizes uncle jed s curmudgeonly attitude stems loss son jed bruce jr killed korean war uncle jed once raised trained raced horses harness racing neglected farm horse remains spirited largely unmanageable stallion named tugfire son favorite nick learns how unmanageable tugfire corral alone tugfire charges incident others show nick drawn or knows anything horses nick meets bruces neighbors templetons younger templeton daughter liz templeton shirley jones arrives invite jeb nick farm nick amazed how lavish templeton farm compared aunt uncle s liz tomboy farm lover elder sister fran templeton dolores michaels boyfriend al turner bradford jackson sophisticate liz drives horses around track nick ignoring liz attracted fran sports car even checking under hood fran offers let drive declines would break conditions parole something know love anything mechanical evident fixes uncle jed s tractor without told uncle jed s approval fixes old jalopy sitting barn drive around property liz attracted nick helps jalopy spend time nick spends time templeton girls sees liz good sport fran girlfriend material though al four along well together despite liz knowing nick attracted fran liz s attraction nick continues grow barbecue nick boasts fran jalopy could outperform sports car drag race fran suggests race country road even though violates parole condition nick agrees race fran drives road crashing fence damaging car al hurt driving jalopy around track nick spooks tugfire jumps corral fence runs tugfire tangled prickly brambles freed nick uncle jed aunt henrietta surprised see calm tugfire led nick uncle jed believes train nick ride tugfire harness races despite nick knowing nothing horses nick s training well enough liz believes shortly harness races bentonville fair tugfire ill nick leaves corral severe storm vet wht treat tugfire late night nick liz uncle jed keeping vigil tugfire quick examination uncle jed believes able race excitement tugfire s improved condition liz gives nick quick kiss time nick sees liz romantic light fair nick liz declare romantic interest each culminating almost kissing ferris wheel races nick told win heats finals tugfire do win heat largely unknown racer thus paid any attention second heat boxed templetons rider wheels locked templetons rider let pass inside nick hastily muscle crashes sulky damaged uncle jed decides pull nick tugfire finals realizes placed too much pressure nick nick wants race finals sulky donated mr templeton finals uncle jed sidelines mind nick needs do nick doing exactly race nick drives stretch win race victory overshadowed fact immediately race local sheriff arrest nick send chicago parole violation knowing would cause any problems fran filed accident report automobile crash stating nick driver vehicle liz steps say fran mistaken driver story fran corroborates aunt henrietta pipes well saying corroborate story reality even scene nick wanting do right thing confesses fran s report correct sheriff earlier told mr templeton let nick since minor infraction got hurt nick sarcastically why would call liz fran aunt henrietta liars jubilant nick arrested able stay leading happy ending nick liz drive farm,romance,comedy
"Travis Shaw (Benjamin Walker) is a veterinarian, living in the city of Wilmington, NC, who falls in love on his first meeting with Gabby Holland (Teresa Palmer), who has moved into the house next door. Gabby is a medical student who is in a relationship with a fellow doctor, Ryan McCarthy (Tom Welling). With Ryan out of state overseeing a new hospital opening, Gabby and Travis spend more time together, starting a relationship. Ryan returns, and is keen to resume his relationship with Gabby. Unsure of her feelings, Gabby tells Travis that their relationship wasn't necessarily serious, so she says Yes to Ryan's marriage proposal. Monica (Alexandra Daddario) breaks up with Travis telling him she knows about him and Gabby, and that he should fight for her because they love each other. Travis goes to the hospital, only to find out Gabby left after she broke off her engagement with Ryan. Ryan punches him for the affair. Travis then goes to Gabby's family home to propose to her. After convincing her of his love, she says yes. They marry and over the course of the next few years they have two children and become a happy family. One evening, after a dinner to which Travis has failed to show due to a work emergency, Gabby drives back home but is involved in an accident with another car. She survives but is now in a coma, which seems permanent. Travis, wracked with guilt, has to decide whether to take her off life support. After a storm nearly destroys their house, Travis finds the wind chimes that Gabby had on her porch. Travis goes to his island and builds a gazebo and hangs the wind chimes there. The shell chime starts to ring in the wind and Travis runs to the hospital where Gabby has woken up from her coma. He takes her home where she is welcomed by the family and Travis' sister's newborn child. To make up for missing their dinner date they have one in the front yard, where she tells him she heard everything he said whilst in the coma. The last shot is of Travis and Gabby with their children and dogs sitting in the gazebo called Gabby's Point, looking out onto the shore and up at the stars.",travis shaw benjamin walker veterinarian living city wilmington nc falls love meeting gabby holland teresa palmer moved door gabby medical student relationship fellow doctor ryan mccarthy tom welling ryan state overseeing hospital opening gabby travis spend time together starting relationship ryan returns keen resume relationship gabby unsure feelings gabby travis relationship necessarily serious says yes ryan marriage proposal monica alexandra daddario breaks travis telling knows gabby should fight love each travis hospital find gabby left broke engagement ryan ryan punches affair travis gabby family home propose convincing love says yes marry course few years children become happy family evening dinner travis failed show due work emergency gabby drives home involved accident car survives coma seems permanent travis wracked guilt decide whether life support storm nearly destroys travis wind chimes gabby porch travis island builds gazebo hangs wind chimes shell chime starts ring wind travis runs hospital gabby woken coma home welcomed family travis sister newborn child missing dinner date front yard heard everything said whilst coma last shot travis gabby children dogs sitting gazebo called gabby point looking onto shore stars,romance,comedy
"Rishi (Prabhas) is a happy-go-lucky son of Bhupathi (Krishnam Raju). Rishi is influenced by his father's ideals and grows up just like him. However, Bhupathi doesn't want his son to take up violence and make more enemies like him. He sends his son to Bangalore for studies and to learn music. There Rishi falls for Deepali (Deeksha Seth), an orphan, and brings her to his house in the disguise of his old music teacher as he wants his father to be happy that he doesn't take up the violence. During the festivals held in their village, Simhadri (Pradeep Rawat) sends 100 thugs to kill Bhupathi and his family. Rishi saves his father by eliminating all the thugs. Bhupathi's brother (Mukesh Rishi) joins hands with Simhadri, so they can kill Bhupathi, Bhupathi's wife, and Deepali in a temple. Simhadri tells Rishi that a local goon helped Bhupathi's brother kill Bhupathi and his family. Rishi wants to destroy Bhupathi's killers, but Simhadri kills himself. In a rage, Rishi stabs Simhadri's corpse more than once. Raju (Supreeth) is one of Bhupathi's bodyguards. Some of Bhupathi's bodyguards are still alive. Raju and the other bodyguards assist Rishi to get revenge. Two years later, Rishi discovers that a Goon named Stephen (K.C. Shankar) was doing illegal business in Hyderabad for a very long time. Rishi also discovers that a man named Robert (also Mukesh Rishi) started working with Stephen right after Bhupathi's murder. Stephen and Robert became powerful underworld dons. Rishi suspects that his uncle's new identity is Robert. Rishi goes to Hyderabad. Rishi finds out that Stephen and Robert have an assistant, Nanu (Tej Sapru), who works in Bangkok. Nanu's daughter is Nandini (Tamannaah). Rishi and Nandini fall in love with each other. While drunk, Nanu shows his cell phone to Nandini because she wants to see the pictures of Stephen and Robert. Nanu falls asleep. Nandini calls Rishi's phone. Rishi sneaks into Nandini's room. When Rishi sees the pictures of Stephen and Robert, it's confirmed that Rishi's uncle's new identity is Robert. Since Simhadri told Rishi that a local goon helped Robert kill Bhupathi, that local goon must've been Stephen. Later, Raju tells Nandini about Rishi's tragic past. Nandini still wants to help Rishi locate Stephen and Robert. Rishi bribes Nanu's henchmen to stop protecting Nanu. Rishi tells his henchmen including Raju to take Nandini back to her home. Rishi tortures Nanu, until Nanu agrees to lure Stephen and Robert into a trap. Stephen and Robert arrive in a helicopter. It's revealed that Stephen and Robert sent 2 henchmen to disguise themselves as Stephen and Robert. Nanu and his henchmen didn't expect Stephen and Robert to fool Rishi. Nanu's glad that Stephen and Robert fooled Rishi. Rishi realizes that his bodyguards, including Raju and Nandini, got kidnapped by the bad guys. Robert calls Rishi's cell phone. Robert says, My informer followed Nanu for these past 2 years just in case if you tried to locate me. My informer told me that you kidnapped Nanu and I sent my henchmen to kidnap Raju, Nandini, and your other bodyguards. Rishi gets taken to his old home. The rest of Rishi's bodyguards got killed. Nandini and Raju are still alive. Robert kills Raju. Rishi manages to kill Stephen, Robert, their henchmen and Robert's son. Rishi reunites with Nandini.",rishi prabhas happy lucky son bhupathi krishnam raju rishi influenced ideals grows like bhupathi want son violence enemies like sends son bangalore studies learn music rishi falls deepali deeksha seth orphan brings disguise old music teacher wants happy violence festivals held village simhadri pradeep rawat sends thugs kill bhupathi family rishi saves eliminating thugs bhupathi brother mukesh rishi joins hands simhadri kill bhupathi bhupathi wife deepali temple simhadri rishi local goon helped bhupathi brother kill bhupathi family rishi wants destroy bhupathi killers simhadri kills rage rishi stabs simhadri corpse than once raju supreeth bhupathi bodyguards bhupathi bodyguards alive raju bodyguards assist rishi revenge years rishi discovers goon named stephen k c shankar doing illegal business hyderabad very long time rishi discovers named robert mukesh rishi started working stephen right bhupathi murder stephen robert became powerful underworld dons rishi suspects uncle identity robert rishi hyderabad rishi stephen robert assistant nanu tej sapru works bangkok nanu daughter nandini tamannaah rishi nandini fall love each drunk nanu shows cell phone nandini wants see pictures stephen robert nanu falls asleep nandini calls rishi phone rishi sneaks nandini room rishi sees pictures stephen robert confirmed rishi uncle identity robert since simhadri told rishi local goon helped robert kill bhupathi local goon must stephen raju nandini rishi tragic past nandini wants rishi locate stephen robert rishi bribes nanu henchmen stop protecting nanu rishi henchmen including raju nandini home rishi tortures nanu until nanu agrees lure stephen robert trap stephen robert arrive helicopter revealed stephen robert sent henchmen disguise themselves stephen robert nanu henchmen did expect stephen robert fool rishi nanu glad stephen robert fooled rishi rishi realizes bodyguards including raju nandini got kidnapped bad guys robert calls rishi cell phone robert says my informer followed nanu these past years case you tried locate me my informer told me you kidnapped nanu i sent my henchmen kidnap raju nandini your bodyguards rishi taken old home rest rishi bodyguards got killed nandini raju alive robert kills raju rishi manages kill stephen robert henchmen robert son rishi reunites nandini,action,romance
"After getting off work at a North Braddock, Pennsylvania, steel mill, Russell Baze catches his brother Rodney at a horse racing simulcast, where Rodney had just bet on a losing horse. Rodney reveals John Petty loaned the money to him. Petty owns a bar and runs several illegal games. Russell visits Petty, pays off some of Rodney's debt, and promises to pay Petty the rest with his next paycheck if Rodney has not yet paid it off. Driving home intoxicated, Russell hits another car, killing its occupants, including a little boy. He is incarcerated for vehicular manslaughter. While in prison he is informed that his ailing father has died and his girlfriend Lena has left him for the small town police chief, Wesley Barnes. Upon his release from prison, Russell returns home and resumes his job at the mill. The same day, Rodney participates in an illegal bare-knuckle prizefight. Rodney was supposed to take a dive for Petty as a way to repay some of the gambling debt he owes Petty, but during the fight, Rodney becomes enraged against his opponent and wins the fight. The next morning, Russell finds Rodney's bloodied knuckle tapes in the trash and confronts him about it. Russell wants him to work in the mill, but Rodney, a four-tour Iraq war veteran, is too mentally scarred to take a regular job. Rodney tells Petty that these nickel and dime fights will never earn him enough money to pay Petty back. Rodney then insists that Petty call and organize a more lucrative fight. Petty reluctantly arranges a fight with Harlan DeGroat, a sociopathic drug dealer from rural New Jersey to whom Petty owes a lot of money. Russell wants Lena back, but she is pregnant with Wesley's baby. Russell unsuccessfully feigns happiness to Lena, saying she will be a great mom, but both know that her pregnancy makes their getting back together an impossibility. Rodney is told he must purposely lose the fight in New Jersey. When DeGroat seeks assurances Rodney will lose, Petty promises he will. Rodney briefly knocks out his opponent, but when hearing Petty pleading with him, Rodney helps the fighter get up, takes a dive, and lets the man pummel his face into a bloody mess. After the fight, DeGroat asks for the rest of his money, but Petty reminds DeGroat they had agreed in advance that this fight made them even, and DeGroat drops the subject. While driving back home, DeGroat and his men ambush Petty and Rodney. DeGroat first shoots and kills Petty, has Rodney dragged into the woods, and kills him, too. Unknown to anyone, Petty had accidentally dialed his cell phone, which fell onto the car seat and connected to his bartender Dan's voicemail while recording DeGroat as clear evidence of his murdering Petty. That night, Russell finds a letter from Rodney, stating this will be his last fight and he wants to work with Russell at the mill. Wesley informs Russell about Rodney's disappearance, and Russell and his uncle, Red, set off to find him. In DeGroat's town, Russell and Red are stopped by the sheriff, who informs them that DeGroat's men would kill them if they knew why the two were in town, and, as a favor to Sheriff Wesley, he will escort them to the state line rather than searching and arresting them for illegally carrying concealed weapons. Upon returning to the mill, Wesley visits Russell and confirms Rodney's death. Russell goes to Petty's office, finds a phone number for DeGroat, and calls him without identifying himself, enticing him to come collect Petty's debt. At the bar, Russell sabotages DeGroat's van to prevent his escape and confronts him. DeGroat escapes to a nearby, shutdown mill, where Russell shoots him in the thigh. Russell then follows DeGroat to a field outside the mill as he hobbles off and shoots him in the back. Russell informs DeGroat that he is Rodney's brother, as Wesley approaches the field in a squad car. Wesley pleads for Russell to put down his gun, but Russell proceeds to carefully aim his hunting rifle and shoots DeGroat in the head. The film cuts to Russell sitting at home at the dining table and fades to black.",getting work north braddock pennsylvania steel mill russell baze catches brother rodney horse racing simulcast rodney bet losing horse rodney reveals john petty loaned money petty owns bar runs several illegal games russell visits petty pays rodney debt promises pay petty rest paycheck rodney yet paid driving home intoxicated russell hits car killing occupants including little boy incarcerated vehicular manslaughter prison informed ailing died girlfriend lena left small town police chief wesley barnes upon release prison russell returns home resumes job mill same day rodney participates illegal bare knuckle prizefight rodney supposed dive petty repay gambling debt owes petty fight rodney enraged against opponent wins fight morning russell rodney bloodied knuckle tapes trash confronts russell wants work mill rodney four tour iraq war veteran too mentally scarred regular job rodney petty these nickel dime fights never earn enough money pay petty rodney insists petty call organize lucrative fight petty reluctantly arranges fight harlan degroat sociopathic drug dealer rural jersey whom petty owes lot money russell wants lena pregnant wesley baby russell unsuccessfully feigns happiness lena saying great mom know pregnancy makes getting together impossibility rodney told must purposely lose fight jersey degroat seeks assurances rodney lose petty promises rodney briefly knocks opponent hearing petty pleading rodney helps fighter dive lets pummel face bloody mess fight degroat rest money petty reminds degroat agreed advance fight made even degroat drops subject driving home degroat men ambush petty rodney degroat shoots kills petty rodney dragged woods kills too unknown anyone petty accidentally dialed cell phone fell onto car seat connected bartender dan voicemail recording degroat clear evidence murdering petty night russell letter rodney stating last fight wants work russell mill wesley informs russell rodney disappearance russell uncle red set find degroat town russell red stopped sheriff informs degroat men would kill knew why were town favor sheriff wesley escort state line rather than searching arresting illegally carrying concealed weapons upon returning mill wesley visits russell confirms rodney death russell petty office phone number degroat calls without identifying enticing collect petty debt bar russell sabotages degroat van prevent escape confronts degroat escapes nearby shutdown mill russell shoots thigh russell follows degroat field outside mill hobbles shoots russell informs degroat rodney brother wesley approaches field squad car wesley pleads russell put gun russell proceeds carefully aim hunting rifle shoots degroat head film cuts russell sitting home dining table fades black,crime,drama
"Nerdy college student Alistair McDowell (David Weidoff) moves in with law school drop-out Larnell (John Patrick Jordan), typical surfer-stoner Bachman (Mitch Eakins) and former baseball player Brett (Brian Lloyd). During Alistair's stay, Larnell sees an ad for a large bong, in which the previous owner claims it was possessed. After receiving the bong and all taking a couple of hits (with the exception of Alistair, who doesn't smoke), Brett introduces Alistair to his girlfriend Luann (Robin Sydney) and her friend Janet (Kristyn Green), on whom Alistair develops a crush. Later that night, Bachman wakes up in a strip club where he meets Ooga Booga and Ivan Burroughs. He's introduced by one of the strippers (Kristen Cladwell) who has skull heads on the cups of her bra. When he comes near the bra, the skull heads start biting him in the neck and he bleeds to death. The next morning, the other roommates find Bachman dead on the couch. Alistair tells to them that it's probably from the weed that came with the bong. Larnell also notices that the bong has changed. The trio then hide his body underneath a pile of trash in the basement, after nearly getting caught by Larnell's paralyzed-but-wealthy grandfather, Cyril (Jacob Witkin), who came by to tell Larnell that he just got remarried. Later on, the bong (voiced by Michele Mais) starts speaking to Larnell (to Larnell only, no one else hears) and tempts him to take a hit out of her. After doing so, he ends being in the same strip club as before. Here he sees Bachman (who seems to be fine), the Gingerdead Man, and his grandfather. Eventually a stripper gives Larnell a lap dance, and he's killed in a similar way that Bachman was killed. Back in the real world, Luann and Janet come over to play Trivial Pursuit. After playing the game, the group (again with the exception of Alistair) take a hit from the bong. After Brett and Luann pass out, they wake up in the same strip club and they're greeted by Jack Attack, and Luann is taken away by the bouncer. Brett is then treated by another stripper (Brandi Cunningham), who happens to be Brett's ex-girlfriend Carla Brewster. She eventually uses her lip-cupped bra to bite off Brett's genitals, killing him. Meanwhile, when Alistair starts figuring out what's going on, Janet falls prey to the bong and passes out. A man named Jimbo Leary (Tommy Chong) randomly enters the room and proclaims that the bong is his. He also explains that the bong (named Eebee) has a voodoo curse on it and that once you take enough hits from it, it brings you to the Bong World (the strip club) and kills you. In order to save Janet, Alistair takes a hit from the bong and is instantly sent to the bong world. Meanwhile, Jimbo tries destroying the bong with a hammer, chainsaw, and (resorting to drastic measures) a bomb. Eebee unleashes marijuana smoke from her bong, causing Jimbo to inhale and pass out. Meanwhile, in the Bong World, Eebee forces the strippers to seduce Alistair, but he breaks them off. During his search, he bumps into Jack Deth. Once he finds a stoned Janet, Eebee reveals her motives: to control the world by turning everyone into stoners by turning the air into pot smoke and the oceans into bong water. They take vitamins (that Jimbo gave them) to make them sober again. Jimbo, who has just got sucked into the bong world, tells them to go ahead and escape while he takes care of Eebee. Jimbo comes up to Eebee and shows Eebee the time bomb now strapped to his chest. Jimbo activates the bomb and blows up Eebee and apparently Jimbo himself. Back in the real world, Alistair and Janet wake up, with Larnell, Brett, Luann, and Bachman coming back to life. Jimbo, however, has been killed, along with the bong, which is now shattered into pieces. Alistair and Janet remember what had happened previously in the Bong World, but the rest of the group doesn't seem to remember right away. The last scene shows that Jimbo is now the king of the Bong World.",nerdy college student alistair mcdowell david weidoff moves law school drop larnell john patrick jordan typical surfer stoner bachman mitch eakins former baseball player brett brian lloyd alistair stay larnell sees ad large bong previous owner claims possessed receiving bong taking couple hits exception alistair smoke brett introduces alistair girlfriend luann robin sydney friend janet kristyn green whom alistair develops crush night bachman wakes strip club meets ooga booga ivan burroughs introduced strippers kristen cladwell skull heads cups bra near bra skull heads start biting neck bleeds death morning roommates find bachman dead couch alistair probably weed came bong larnell notices bong changed trio hide body underneath pile trash basement nearly getting caught larnell paralyzed wealthy grandfather cyril jacob witkin came tell larnell got remarried bong voiced michele mais starts speaking larnell larnell else hears tempts hit doing ends same strip club here sees bachman seems fine gingerdead grandfather stripper gives larnell lap dance killed similar bachman killed real world luann janet play trivial pursuit playing game group exception alistair hit bong brett luann pass wake same strip club greeted jack attack luann taken bouncer brett treated stripper brandi cunningham happens brett ex girlfriend carla brewster uses lip cupped bra bite brett genitals killing alistair starts figuring going janet falls prey bong passes named jimbo leary tommy chong randomly enters room proclaims bong explains bong named eebee voodoo curse once you enough hits brings you bong world strip club kills you order save janet alistair hit bong instantly sent bong world jimbo destroying bong hammer chainsaw resorting drastic measures bomb eebee unleashes marijuana smoke bong causing jimbo inhale pass bong world eebee forces strippers seduce alistair breaks search bumps jack deth once stoned janet eebee reveals motives control world turning everyone stoners turning air pot smoke oceans bong water vitamins jimbo gave sober jimbo got sucked bong world ahead escape care eebee jimbo eebee shows eebee time bomb strapped chest jimbo activates bomb blows eebee apparently jimbo real world alistair janet wake larnell brett luann bachman coming life jimbo killed along bong shattered pieces alistair janet remember happened previously bong world rest group seem remember right last scene shows jimbo king bong world,comedy,horror
"A young man in sits in prison on the night before his execution, while his girlfriend waits for the inevitable in the prison governor's house. The warden and his wife sympathize with both of them. It is the first use of the electric chair in the state, and there are teething problems with its installation. Meanwhile, a group of reporters discussing the case, realize that the M.O. of the crime bears a similar style to that of a criminal, Parrot Farucco, who was supposed to have died three years previously. As the execution takes place off camera, a prison orderly collecting mail in the cafe identifies a customer as Farucco. He confronts him and is shot by the criminal, who is subdued and tied by other customers who happen to be prison officers waiting to begin work. At the same time the reporters rush in, back from the prison to use the Post Office telephones. It turns out that the execution has had to be postponed owing to electrical problems with the chair. Farucco is brought into custody into the prison governor's office, and moved by the distraught girlfriend's grief, admits to the crime just in time to prevent the second execution attempt.",young sits prison night execution girlfriend waits inevitable prison governor warden wife sympathize use electric chair state teething problems installation group reporters discussing case realize m o crime bears similar style criminal parrot farucco supposed died three years previously execution place camera prison orderly collecting mail cafe identifies customer farucco confronts shot criminal subdued tied customers happen prison officers waiting begin work same time reporters rush prison use post office telephones turns execution postponed owing electrical problems chair farucco brought custody prison governor office moved distraught girlfriend grief admits crime time prevent second execution attempt,crime,drama
Police battle against a gang of blackmailers known as The Crimson Circle.,police battle against gang blackmailers known crimson circle,crime,action
"In faraway tropical Mosaque, as soon as American pilot Dan Kendall (Richard Arlen) joins the country's Air Corps, he is in trouble. Along with his mechanic Christmas (Mikhail Rasumny), he is thrown into the military prison. His troubles start at a cantina after buying exotic beauty Johanna Van Deuren (Eva Gabor) a drink, not realizing he has antagonized her fiancé, Colonel Jan Golas (Nils Asther). A fight breaks out, leading to the pilot's arrest. Colonel Golas releases Dan from prison when he learns that his fiancée had nearly been run down by a car and Dan had come to her rescue. The bargain he makes with Dan is that the stranger has to resign from the military and take a job with the Mosaque Civil Airline. Golas has an ulterior motive for helping Dan, as he has been responsible for the airline being sabotaged on its last flights to bring payrolls to workers at the local fort. Unknown to him, Dan's pilot friend Petchnikoff (Harold Goodwin) lost his life in a crash engineered by Golas. Johanna, accompanied by Dan, flies to the fort to visit her sick father (Victor Varconi), only to find the disgruntled and penniless workers there are set to revolt. Dan promises to have their pay flown to the workers within three days. When he spots his friend's aircraft on the ground, after landing and searching for Petchnikoff, Dan and Johanna are captured by Andros Banshek (J. Carrol Naish), a bandit who has been working against the government in Mosaque. Banshek is sure the two would reveal his hideout unless they are silenced. When Banshek's son Nando (Bobby Dillon) is shot during their attempt to escape, Banshek implores Dan to fly his son to a doctor. While Nando is saved, Banshek is captured in Mosaque and killed by the police. Workers at the fort finally revolt, forcing Golas to react. Dan will fly with the payroll while Golas will fly as an escort. Johanna, afraid her father is in danger, stows away on Dan's aircraft. She is alarmed that the box containing the payroll is smoking. Dan dumps the box out of the aircraft just as it explodes. Golas then tries to shoot down Dan's aircraft but is himself downed by a box of metal parts that Dan throws out. When Golas crashes to his death, Dan brings the workers their pay and is able to quell the rebellion. The general (John Miljan) in charge of the military, absolves Banshek of his crimes and declares that he was a true patriot. Dan marries Johanna, with the newlyweds leaving Mosaque to go to the United States.",faraway tropical mosaque american pilot dan kendall richard arlen joins country air corps trouble along mechanic christmas mikhail rasumny thrown military prison troubles start cantina buying exotic beauty johanna van deuren eva gabor drink realizing antagonized fianc colonel jan golas nils asther fight breaks leading pilot arrest colonel golas releases dan prison learns fianc e nearly run car dan rescue bargain makes dan stranger resign military job mosaque civil airline golas ulterior motive helping dan responsible airline sabotaged last flights bring payrolls workers local fort unknown dan pilot friend petchnikoff harold goodwin lost life crash engineered golas johanna accompanied dan flies fort visit sick victor varconi find disgruntled penniless workers set revolt dan promises pay flown workers within three days spots friend aircraft ground landing searching petchnikoff dan johanna captured andros banshek j carrol naish bandit working against government mosaque banshek sure would reveal hideout unless silenced banshek son nando bobby dillon shot attempt escape banshek implores dan fly son doctor nando saved banshek captured mosaque killed police workers fort finally revolt forcing golas react dan fly payroll golas fly escort johanna afraid danger stows dan aircraft alarmed box containing payroll smoking dan dumps box aircraft explodes golas shoot dan aircraft downed box metal parts dan throws golas crashes death dan brings workers pay able quell rebellion general john miljan charge military absolves banshek crimes declares true patriot dan marries johanna newlyweds leaving mosaque united states,action,western
"Set in New York City's garment district, the story focuses on ambitious model and fashion designer Harriet Boyd, production manager Sam Cooper, and salesman Teddy Sherman, who leave their firm to start their own business that specializes in $10.95 dresses. Their plans temporarily are derailed when Harriet's mother refuses to give her the insurance payment the family received when her father died, having promised it to Harriet's younger sister Marge for her wedding. Harriet dupes Marge and her fiancé Ray into giving her the money, and Sherboyco Dresses opens for business. Teddy, who has fallen in love with Harriet, is dismayed when she flirts with lecherous buyer Mr. Savage during a business dinner, so he proposes marriage. She declines his offer, telling him she enjoys her freedom. Her refusal prompts Teddy to try to back out of their partnership, but he discovers their contract is ironclad. Harriet begins dating J. F. Noble, the owner of a chain of upscale department stores, who wants her to quit and work exclusively for him. Her uncertainty puts her on edge, and when Teddy discusses her change in attitude, she claims she is stressed by overwork and wants to quit. Teddy repeats his offer of marriage and this time Harriet considers accepting. She visits Noble to decline his offer, but Teddy interrupts their meeting, misunderstands her motives, and mistakenly believes her behavior was a ploy designed to lead the way to her departure from Sherboyco. Heartbroken and angry, Teddy departs, and soon after leaves town for a sales trip. During his absence, Harriet shifts money from Sherboyco to a new company she is founding, stops production on Sherboyco's dresses, and begins designing for Noble's department stores. Unaware what has happened, Teddy continues to take orders for Sherboyco's popular low-cost women's wear while on the road. Not until buyer Hermione Griggs contacts him about an order she has not received does he learn about Harriet's deception. She tries to convince her Sherboyco partners it is in their best interest to align with her at Noble's company, but Sam and Teddy prefer to declare bankruptcy rather than join forces with the competition. Harriet prepares to sail to Paris with Noble, but at the last moment she realizes her commitment to Sam and Teddy is too important to ignore. She returns to Sherboyco, where she admits she loves Teddy and asks him and Sam to forgive her.",set york city garment district story focuses ambitious model fashion designer harriet boyd production manager sam cooper salesman teddy sherman leave firm start business specializes dresses plans temporarily derailed harriet mother refuses give insurance payment family received died promised harriet younger sister marge wedding harriet dupes marge fianc ray giving money sherboyco dresses opens business teddy fallen love harriet dismayed flirts lecherous buyer mr savage business dinner proposes marriage declines offer telling enjoys freedom refusal prompts teddy try partnership discovers contract ironclad harriet dating j f noble owner chain upscale department stores wants quit work exclusively uncertainty puts edge teddy discusses change attitude claims stressed overwork wants quit teddy repeats offer marriage time harriet considers accepting visits noble decline offer teddy interrupts meeting misunderstands motives mistakenly believes behavior ploy designed lead departure sherboyco heartbroken angry teddy departs leaves town sales trip absence harriet shifts money sherboyco company founding stops production sherboyco dresses designing noble department stores unaware happened teddy continues orders sherboyco popular low cost women wear road until buyer hermione griggs contacts order received learn harriet deception convince sherboyco partners best interest align noble company sam teddy prefer declare bankruptcy rather than join forces competition harriet prepares sail paris noble last moment realizes commitment sam teddy too important ignore returns sherboyco admits loves teddy sam forgive,romance,comedy
"Set in the Virginia Hills, Fatty and Buster play revenue agents tasked with hunting down bootleggers and bringing them to justice. The duo, aided by dozens of volunteers (all of whom somehow manage to fit inside Buster's small car) set off to track down the bootlegers. Fatty and Buster get separated from the group and take a tumble down a hill which leave Fatty's pants dirty. After Fatty washes his pants in a river (while Buster is wearing them) and leaves them to dry in a tree, he meets Alice (Alice Lake), the daughter of Jud Grew (Dudley) the head bootlegger with whom he develops a romance. After fighting another bootlegger who is madly in love with Alice (St John) Fatty reunites with Buster and the two stumble across the bootlegger's storage space where they find a stash of illegal moonshine. Fatty is ambushed and taken away by the bootlegger but Buster gets away and dispatches of the love rival bootlegger by pushing him off a cliff. Fatty is taken back to the bootlegger's hideout where, taking inspiration from The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas, he escapes by pretending to be dead so that the bootleggers will throw him into the river, after being thrown into the water he floats downstream before swimming to shore where he reunites with Buster. The two make a plan to rescue Alice and to take down the bootlegger but realize that their band of volunteers is nowhere to be found. The love rival bootlegger from earlier sneaks up on them, knocks out Keaton and with help from his fellow bootleggers takes Arbuckle to a cabin and lights the fuse to a bomb inside. The cabin explodes but Arbuckle breaks the fourth wall by having the camera wound backwards so that the cabin reassembles itself and he emerges totally unharmed. Arbuckle takes out the love rival bootlegger by using a gun that he has modified so that it can shoot around corners and Buster dispatches of the remaining bootleggers except for the leader. The leader proclaims that Fatty has proven himself worthy and gives him his blessing to marry Alice but Fatty immediately refuses, revealing that he already has a wife. Buster agrees to marry Alice instead and Fatty sets off down the hills towards his next adventure.",set virginia hills fatty buster play revenue agents tasked hunting bootleggers bringing justice duo aided dozens volunteers whom somehow manage fit inside buster small car set track bootlegers fatty buster separated group tumble hill leave fatty pants dirty fatty washes pants river buster wearing leaves dry tree meets alice alice lake daughter jud grew dudley head bootlegger whom develops romance fighting bootlegger madly love alice st john fatty reunites buster stumble across bootlegger storage space find stash illegal moonshine fatty ambushed taken bootlegger buster dispatches love rival bootlegger pushing cliff fatty taken bootlegger hideout taking inspiration count monte cristo alexandre dumas escapes pretending dead bootleggers throw river thrown water floats downstream swimming shore reunites buster plan rescue alice bootlegger realize band volunteers nowhere found love rival bootlegger earlier sneaks knocks keaton fellow bootleggers arbuckle cabin lights fuse bomb inside cabin explodes arbuckle breaks fourth wall camera wound backwards cabin reassembles itself emerges totally unharmed arbuckle love rival bootlegger using gun modified shoot around corners buster dispatches remaining bootleggers except leader leader proclaims fatty proven worthy gives blessing marry alice fatty immediately refuses revealing already wife buster agrees marry alice instead fatty sets hills towards adventure,comedy,animation
The film is about the family entertaining romantic story.,film family entertaining romantic story,romance,drama
"Paul Kersey has managed to recover from his shattered life and moved on, and is now dating an L.A. radio reporter Geri Nichols. They go to pick up Kersey's daughter Carol from the mental hospital. They spend the afternoon at a fairground, where Paul's wallet is stolen by a gang consisting of Nirvana, Punkcut, Stomper, Cutter, and Jiver. The gang split up when Paul chases them; he goes to pursue Jiver, whom he corners in an alley, but lets him go after Jiver tells him that he does not have the wallet. The gang find Paul's home address in his wallet and later breaks into his house, where they rape the housekeeper, Rosario. When Paul arrives home with his daughter, he is beaten unconscious. Rosario tries to call the police, but Nirvana kills her with his crowbar. They kidnap Carol, take her to their hideout, and rape her. Carol attempts to flee by running through a plate glass window, and falls onto an iron fence and is impaled. When the police arrive, Lieutenant Mankewicz asks for help identifying the muggers, but Paul refuses. After Carol's funeral, he takes a handgun to a low-rent inner city hotel as a base of operations. The next evening, he observes and follows Stomper into an abandoned building as a drug deal is about to be made. Paul kills one of the dealers, then orders the others out, before proceeding to shoot Stomper dead. The following night, he hears screams from a couple being assaulted by four muggers, which includes Jiver, in a parking garage. Paul kills two hoodlums and wounds Jiver. He follows Jiver's blood trail to an abandoned warehouse and shoots him dead. The LAPD and NYPD hear about the murders. When Kersey falls under suspicion, NYPD Detective Frank Ochoa is called in to investigate the case. Ochoa fears that Kersey, when caught, will reveal that he was released without charge eight years ago instead of being prosecuted for killing ten muggers. Ochoa meets with Mankewicz, who suspects Ochoa is giving false information to him. Ochoa intrudes into Geri's apartment and tells her about Paul's previous vigilante killing spree back in New York. After Paul returns to his house, Geri confronts her lover about Ochoa's revelation, but he denies it. Ochoa follows Kersey to a local square where Kersey is tailing the three remaining gang members. He follows them to an abandoned park, where a major arms and drug deal is underway. A sniper scouts Kersey and attempts to kill him, but Ochoa warns Paul and shoots the sniper dead. Ochoa is mortally wounded by Nirvana, while Paul kills Cutter, another dealer and wounds Punkcut. The arms dealer tries to get away but Paul shoots him, causing the criminal to drive off a cliff, while Nirvana escapes. Ochoa tells Paul to avenge him before he dies. Paul escapes while Punkcut dies from his injuries after giving information about Nirvana to the police. Paul learns from one of Geri's colleagues that the police are preparing a tactical unit to capture Nirvana. He obtains a police scanner, and by monitoring police radio traffic, finds out when and where the arrest is going to take place. He drives to the location to kill him, but Nirvana, under the influence of PCP, slashes his arm and stabs a few officers while trying to escape. Tried and found criminally insane, he is sent to a mental institution. Geri and Paul visit him, requesting an interview, but are turned down by corrupt medics. While there, Paul steals a doctor's ID card. The next night, Paul uses it to enter the asylum and confronts Nirvana. Despite being stabbed repeatedly with a scalpel, Paul manages to kill Nirvana by electrocution. A sympathetic attendant gives Paul three minutes to escape before hitting the alarm. Geri goes to Paul's house, where she finds out how he made his fake ID. Upon hearing a news report of Nirvana's death on the radio, she realizes that Paul really is the vigilante Ochoa claimed him to be. She takes off her engagement ring and leaves him, with Paul arriving moments later. A few months later, Paul is speaking about a new architectural design. He is invited by his employer to a party, and when Paul is asked if he is able to attend, he answers: What else would I be doing? His shadowy figure walks in the night, followed by three gunshots.",paul kersey managed recover shattered life moved dating l radio reporter geri nichols pick kersey daughter carol mental hospital spend afternoon fairground paul wallet stolen gang consisting nirvana punkcut stomper cutter jiver gang split paul chases pursue jiver whom corners alley lets jiver wallet gang find paul home address wallet breaks rape housekeeper rosario paul arrives home daughter beaten unconscious rosario call police nirvana kills crowbar kidnap carol hideout rape carol attempts flee running plate glass window falls onto iron fence impaled police arrive lieutenant mankewicz identifying muggers paul refuses carol funeral handgun low rent inner city hotel base operations evening observes follows stomper abandoned building drug deal made paul kills dealers orders others proceeding shoot stomper dead following night hears screams couple assaulted four muggers includes jiver parking garage paul kills hoodlums wounds jiver follows jiver blood trail abandoned warehouse shoots dead lapd nypd hear murders kersey falls under suspicion nypd detective frank ochoa called investigate case ochoa fears kersey caught reveal released without charge eight years ago instead prosecuted killing ten muggers ochoa meets mankewicz suspects ochoa giving false information ochoa intrudes geri apartment paul previous vigilante killing spree york paul returns geri confronts lover ochoa revelation denies ochoa follows kersey local square kersey tailing three remaining gang members follows abandoned park major arms drug deal underway sniper scouts kersey attempts kill ochoa warns paul shoots sniper dead ochoa mortally wounded nirvana paul kills cutter dealer wounds punkcut arms dealer paul shoots causing criminal drive cliff nirvana escapes ochoa paul avenge dies paul escapes punkcut dies injuries giving information nirvana police paul learns geri colleagues police preparing tactical unit capture nirvana obtains police scanner monitoring police radio traffic arrest going place drives location kill nirvana under influence pcp slashes arm stabs few officers trying escape tried found criminally insane sent mental institution geri paul visit requesting interview turned corrupt medics paul steals doctor id card night paul uses enter asylum confronts nirvana despite stabbed repeatedly scalpel paul manages kill nirvana electrocution sympathetic attendant gives paul three minutes escape hitting alarm geri paul how made fake id upon hearing news report nirvana death radio realizes paul really vigilante ochoa claimed engagement ring leaves paul arriving moments few months paul speaking architectural design invited employer party paul asked able attend answers else would i doing shadowy figure walks night followed three gunshots,action,horror
"A nurse, Katie (Jane Greer), must decide whether she should marry for love or money. She is pursued by Tony, a wealthy but irresponsible sportsman, and Jeff, a handsome, if conventional, doctor. Tony's ex-wife complicates matters.",nurse katie jane greer must decide whether should marry love or money pursued tony wealthy irresponsible sportsman jeff handsome conventional doctor tony ex wife complicates matters,romance,comedy
"When greedy land-grabber, Bloomington (Coburn), destroys his family, Isaiah (Sinbad), knows nothing about the world, but vows to someday get revenge. He learns about good and evil by being forced to rob a bank and then capturing the gang. He learns how to live off the land from Otter Bob (Reynolds), the Best Mountain Man in Texas. He learns about friendship and loyalty after saving the life of Cortina (Martinez), the Hero of the Mexican People. He learns how to shoot from Nat Love (Hudson). He learns about love from Stagecoach Mary (Lewis). It finally comes down to a showdown with the notorious Undertaker (Hines), who's working for Bloomington. But there's something about The Undertaker that makes this worse since there's a rumor that he killed Isaiah's brother, Jedediah.",greedy land grabber bloomington coburn destroys family isaiah sinbad knows nothing world vows someday revenge learns good evil forced rob bank capturing gang learns how live land otter bob reynolds best mountain texas learns friendship loyalty saving life cortina martinez hero mexican people learns how shoot nat love hudson learns love stagecoach mary lewis finally showdown notorious undertaker hines working bloomington something undertaker makes worse since rumor killed isaiah brother jedediah,drama,western
"A retired Scotland Yard detective, Patrick Fitzpatrick (Tom Walls) comes back to take one final case, tracking down a missing vase which has been stolen by a gang of thieves specialising in taking art treasures. His investigation takes him to the home of the innocent Mr Pye (Robertson Hare), whose house has been used by the crooks to hide their proceeds.[2][3]",retired scotland yard detective patrick fitzpatrick tom walls final case tracking missing vase stolen gang thieves specialising taking art treasures investigation home innocent mr pye robertson hare whose used crooks hide proceeds,comedy,crime
"Cary Scott (Jane Wyman) is an affluent widow in Stoningham in suburban New England, whose social life involves her country club peers, college-age children, and a few men vying for her affection. She becomes interested in Ron Kirby (Rock Hudson), her gardener, an intelligent, down-to-earth and respectful yet passionate younger man. Ron is content with his simple life outside the materialistic society and the two fall in love. Ron introduces her to people who seem to have no need for wealth and status and she responds positively. Cary accepts his proposal of marriage, but becomes distressed when her friends and college-age children are angry. They look down upon Ron and his friends and reject their mother for this socially unacceptable arrangement. Eventually, bowing to this pressure, she breaks off the engagement. Cary and Ron continue their separate lives, both with many regrets, but Cary's children soon announce they are moving out. Having destroyed her chance at happiness, her son buys her a television set to keep her company. Before doing so, however, her daughter apologizes to her mother for her prior impulsive and foolish reaction to Ron, saying that there is still time if she really does love Ron. Cary's doctor points out that Cary is now lonelier than she was before meeting Ron. When Ron has a life-threatening accident, Cary realizes how wrong she had been to allow other people's opinions and superficial social conventions to dictate her life choices and decides to accept the life Ron offers her. As he recovers, Cary is by his bedside telling him that she has returned home.",cary scott jane wyman affluent widow stoningham suburban england whose social life involves country club peers college age children few men vying affection interested ron kirby rock hudson gardener intelligent earth respectful yet passionate younger ron content simple life outside materialistic society fall love ron introduces people seem need wealth status responds positively cary accepts proposal marriage distressed friends college age children angry look upon ron friends reject mother socially unacceptable arrangement bowing pressure breaks engagement cary ron continue separate lives many regrets cary children announce moving destroyed chance happiness son buys television set keep company doing daughter apologizes mother prior impulsive foolish reaction ron saying time really love ron cary doctor points cary lonelier than meeting ron ron life threatening accident cary realizes how wrong allow people opinions superficial social conventions dictate life choices decides accept life ron offers recovers cary bedside telling returned home,romance,comedy
"Right Yaaa Wrong is a story of two cops, Ajay (Sunny Deol) and Vinay (Irrfan Khan), where an intense rivalry leads them on a battle for supremacy. Ajay and Vinay are best friends. Ajay's wife (Isha Koppikar) is found brutally murdered. Ajay is the prime suspect and Vinay is handed the case. Unsure what to do, either help his best friend or achieve a higher position in his job, Vinay goes against Ajay. By this time, Radhika (Konkana Sen Sharma), Vinay's younger sister, becomes Ajay's lawyer, and is Ajay's only support. The investigation transpires into a mystery locked with secrets. Behind the secrets lies an astonishing discovery. Ripples begin with wits and mind games. Every time hatching a clue, Vinay tries to beat Ajay, but falls back when Ajay has a reply to all of his questions. This is the story of a strong friendship, which is broken by leadership and forgotten. After all Vinay has done as a detective, the truth is finally revealed. However, did Ajay really murder his own wife? Was Vinay true all along, yet why did no one believe him? And will Vinay prove his point... or once again be friends with Ajay?[6]",right yaaa wrong story cops ajay sunny deol vinay irrfan khan intense rivalry leads battle supremacy ajay vinay best friends ajay wife isha koppikar found brutally murdered ajay prime suspect vinay handed case unsure do either best friend or achieve higher position job vinay against ajay time radhika konkana sen sharma vinay younger sister ajay lawyer ajay support investigation transpires mystery locked secrets behind secrets lies astonishing discovery ripples begin wits mind games every time hatching clue vinay beat ajay falls ajay reply questions story strong friendship broken leadership forgotten vinay done detective truth finally revealed did ajay really murder wife vinay true along yet why did believe vinay prove point or once friends ajay,action,romance
"Chinu Nandi (Mithun Chakraborty) was a talented part-time actor and full-time employee of a coal-mine. Once he loses his job, he takes up acting as his full-time job. However, not starting in the profession early proves to be his demerit. He finds himself as a 250 bucks per day actor, who gets paid only if he gets a chance to play some part on the day. He is cast mainly as elderly house-servants and similar small characters in thoroughly commercial movies. Even so, he tries to give his best in such roles, which makes the stars of such movies (mainly Tublai, played by late Kunal Mitra) insecure, and they start to avoid giving him roles. Meanwhile, Joy Sundar Sen (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), a world-renowned director who recently won an award for his movie at the Berlin Film Festival, starts working on his new project: a movie based on Satyajit Ray's Porosh Pathor, where an average post office clerk gets his hands on a priceless artifact, the Philosopher's Stone, and starts a journey to understand the wonders of life. In order to portray the protagonist of this movie (Chandrakant), Sen selects Chinu Nandi, much to the dismay of the superstars of the industry. Through the course of filming this movie, we see a lot of these two characters, their sincerity, their devotion to their fields, their love for art, and their talent. When it comes to family, however, Nandi is very happy being a poor man with his wife (Angana Bose), whom he loves very dearly, and cherishes his hobby of cuisine. Sen, on the contrary, is indifferent to his wife (Debashree Roy), who constantly tries to make him feel her presence through her love for him. The movie, after a couple of obstacles, finally gets released, and everything falls into place. Sen and his wife revive their love for each other, and Nandi wins the respect of his wife and the whole neighbourhood.",chinu nandi mithun chakraborty talented part time actor full time employee coal mine once loses job acting full time job starting profession early proves demerit bucks per day actor paid chance play part day cast mainly elderly servants similar small characters thoroughly commercial movies even give best such roles makes stars such movies mainly tublai played late kunal mitra insecure start avoid giving roles joy sundar sen sabyasachi chakrabarty world renowned director recently won award movie berlin film festival starts working project movie based satyajit ray porosh pathor average post office clerk hands priceless artifact philosopher stone starts journey understand wonders life order portray protagonist movie chandrakant sen selects chinu nandi much dismay superstars industry course filming movie we see lot these characters sincerity devotion fields love art talent family nandi very happy poor wife angana bose whom loves very dearly cherishes hobby cuisine sen contrary indifferent wife debashree roy constantly feel presence love movie couple obstacles finally released everything falls place sen wife revive love each nandi wins respect wife whole neighbourhood,drama,romance
"Crime boss Jesse Starkraven leads his gang in an attack on a drug den not cooperating with Starkraven's demands; the assault quickly turns into a hostage situation when police arrive. Renegade DEA agent Jack Ryan arrives and attempts to negotiate with Starkraven, however this fails when Starkraven recognizes Ryan as the officer who killed his brother Harlan during a crime some time prior. Starkraven kills several hostages including Ryan's partner before he is finally captured. Subsequently, Starkraven is convinced of killing a cop and sentenced to death. While awaiting his sentence on death row, Starkraven is kidnapped by government agents under the guise of a prison transfer. He is taken into the custody of the Anti-Terrorism Group and converted into a cyborg alongside several other test subjects. Now dubbed Spartacus by the scientists, he is meant to lead the army of cyborg soldiers. Meanwhile, Ryan learns of Starkraven's apparent escape and begins conducting an investigation to find him against the orders of his boss, Captain Salerno. He collaborates with former sheriff Sam Pickens, who is still well respected in the community even after being removed from office for looking too far into the ATG's activity. During a party to celebrate the success of the project, head scientist Dr. Owns takes a woman into the room where Spartacus and the other cyborgs are awaiting activation. While they have a romantic encounter, Spartacus suddenly awakens and attacks them, killing the woman while taking Owns hostage. Spartacus seizes and destroys all but one control bracelet, which he keeps for himself to give himself control over the other cyborgs. He has the other cyborgs kill everyone at the party by burning down the building before leaving in a truck with Owns held hostage for a second facility, where more cyborgs are being created. ATG project leader Liz McDowell arrives the next day to review the incident and attempts to track down Spartacus quietly. However, Ryan's investigation brings him to her attention. She sends agents to follow him, but he swiftly dispatches them. Later, he breaks into an ATG office to gather information. He is detected by dogs and confronted by security guards, but escapes after discovering proof that Starkraven was taken by the ATG for conversion into a cyborg. Meanwhile, Spartacus and some of the other cyborgs travel to a gas station to steal fuel for their recharging generators. Ryan arrives and saves a woman and young boy from them, but is defeated by Spartacus and nearly killed, but he survives when authorities arrive and critically damage Spartacus, forcing the cyborgs to retreat. Ryan is arrested and brought before McDowell, who warns him not to interfere with the ATG. He subsequently escapes from her men and travels to Pickens' home in order to prepare for an assault on Spartacus's headquarters. Spartacus announces his intention to conquer cities and convert all humans into cyborgs, establishing an empire with himself as the leader, and dispatches two cyborgs to kill Ryan. Ryan manages to defeat and destroy them, but not before they kill Pickens. McDowell arrives and is convinced by Ryan to team up with him, providing the weaponry necessary to destroy Spartacus. The two arm themselves and travel to the facility where the cyborgs are hiding, destroying a number of them on their way to the lab. Once they get there, Spartacus appears on a video screen and reveals that he has taken Ryan's son hostage. The cyborgs bring Ryan and McDowell before Spartacus, who tells them he will turn Ryan's son into a cyborg before converting them as well. Ryan overpowers the cyborgs, frees his son and fights Spartacus, managing to steal the control bracelet and deactivate the other cyborgs. Spartacus is dropped into electric cables by a magnet, and is killed when Ryan pours liquid onto him, electrocuting him. Ryan, his son and McDowell flee the facility before bombs they set earlier detonate, destroying it.",crime boss jesse starkraven leads gang attack drug den cooperating starkraven demands assault quickly turns hostage situation police arrive renegade dea agent jack ryan arrives attempts negotiate starkraven fails starkraven recognizes ryan officer killed brother harlan crime time prior starkraven kills several hostages including ryan partner finally captured subsequently starkraven convinced killing cop sentenced death awaiting sentence death row starkraven kidnapped government agents under guise prison transfer taken custody anti terrorism group converted cyborg alongside several test subjects dubbed spartacus scientists meant lead army cyborg soldiers ryan learns starkraven apparent escape conducting investigation find against orders boss captain salerno collaborates former sheriff sam pickens well respected community even removed office looking too far atg activity party celebrate success project head scientist dr owns woman room spartacus cyborgs awaiting activation romantic encounter spartacus suddenly awakens attacks killing woman taking owns hostage spartacus seizes destroys control bracelet keeps give control cyborgs cyborgs kill everyone party burning building leaving truck owns held hostage second facility cyborgs created atg project leader liz mcdowell arrives day review incident attempts track spartacus quietly ryan investigation brings attention sends agents follow swiftly dispatches breaks atg office gather information detected dogs confronted security guards escapes discovering proof starkraven taken atg conversion cyborg spartacus cyborgs travel gas station steal fuel recharging generators ryan arrives saves woman young boy defeated spartacus nearly killed survives authorities arrive critically damage spartacus forcing cyborgs retreat ryan arrested brought mcdowell warns interfere atg subsequently escapes men travels pickens home order prepare assault spartacus headquarters spartacus announces intention conquer cities convert humans cyborgs establishing empire leader dispatches cyborgs kill ryan ryan manages defeat destroy kill pickens mcdowell arrives convinced ryan team providing weaponry necessary destroy spartacus arm themselves travel facility cyborgs hiding destroying number lab once spartacus appears video screen reveals taken ryan son hostage cyborgs bring ryan mcdowell spartacus turn ryan son cyborg converting well ryan overpowers cyborgs frees son fights spartacus managing steal control bracelet deactivate cyborgs spartacus dropped electric cables magnet killed ryan pours liquid onto electrocuting ryan son mcdowell flee facility bombs set earlier detonate destroying,sci-fi,action
"Ankur is a complex film that analyzes human behavior in general and heavily stresses characterization (though the story is not fictional). The story revolves around two characters, Lakshmi and Surya. Lakshmi (Shabana Azmi) lives in a village with her husband Kishtayya (Sadhu Meher), a deaf-mute alcoholic potter who communicates using gestures. The couple is poor and belongs to the lowly Dalit caste. Lakshmi attends a village festival and prays faithfully to the Goddess, stating that her only desire in life is to have a child. Surya (Anant Nag), the son of the village landlord, has just finished his studies in the nearby city of Hyderabad and arrives back home. Surya's father (Khader Ali Beg) has a mistress named Kaushalya with whom he has an illegitimate son named Pratap. Surya's father claims to have given Kaushalya the best land in the village, a gift which serves as both a token of his affection and also keeps Kaushalya quiet and satisfied. Surya is forced by his father into a child marriage with the under aged Saru (Priya Tendulkar), and begins to feel extremely sexually frustrated due to the fact that they cannot have sex until Saru matures. Surya reluctantly takes over the administrative responsibilities of his share of land in the village. Alone, he moves into a different, older house, and Lakshmi and Kishtayya are sent to act as his servants. Not long after his arrival, he begins to exert his authority by introducing a number of different laws and measures, many of which are controversial among the village people. Almost immediately, Surya starts to form an attraction towards Lakshmi, and gives her the task of cooking his meals and serving him tea. This does not sit well with the village priest, a man who traditionally delivers food to the landowner, though at a higher price than Lakshmi asks. Surya also hires Kishtayya to ride his bullock cart and go on errands. The following day, he has Kishtayya collect fertilizer from the landlord's house. Surya then uses Kishtayya's absence to try to flirt with Lakshmi, but she fails to reciprocate. In the meantime, the villagers have begun to gossip, and many (most notably the overseer, Police Officer Patel Sheikh Chand) believe that Surya has already slept with Lakshmi, and will act in the same way that his father did - try to conceal the scandal by giving his mistress a vast plot of land. Kishtayya is caught stealing toddy wine, after which he is publicly humiliated, and he decides to leave the village due to the embarrassment. In his absence, Surya and Lakshmi sleep together. Some while later, Saru arrives at the village, in order to live with her husband. Saru does not approve of Lakshmi's presence, partly because Lakshmi is a Dalit and partly because Saru has heard the villagers' rumors. The next morning, Lakshmi begins suffering from morning sickness, and Saru fires her, claiming that she is too sick to work. Many days go by, and eventually Kishtayya returns, having cured himself of his alcoholism and made some money. Lakshmi is overwhelmed with a feeling of guilt, because she believes that she has betrayed her husband. On discovering Lakshmi's pregnancy, he salutes the village goddess at her temple, acknowledging that his wife's wish has been granted. He then decides to return to work and hopefully ride the bullock cart once again for Surya. Surya sees Kishtayya and mistakenly believes that Kishtayya is seeking revenge from him due to his infidelity with Lakshmi. Surya orders three men to grab hold of Kishtayya and then proceeds to whip him with a rope used for lynching. The commotion attracts others, including Sheikh Chand and Pratap, to the scene, and Lakshmi rushes to defend her husband. She angrily curses Surya, then slowly returns home with Kishtayya. In the final scene, after the others have left, a young child throws a stone at Surya's glass window and runs away.[5]",ankur complex film analyzes human behavior general heavily stresses characterization though story fictional story revolves around characters lakshmi surya lakshmi shabana azmi lives village husband kishtayya sadhu meher deaf mute alcoholic potter communicates using gestures couple poor belongs lowly dalit caste lakshmi attends village festival prays faithfully goddess stating desire life child surya anant nag son village landlord finished studies nearby city hyderabad arrives home surya khader ali beg mistress named kaushalya whom illegitimate son named pratap surya claims given kaushalya best land village gift serves token affection keeps kaushalya quiet satisfied surya forced child marriage under aged saru priya tendulkar feel extremely sexually frustrated due fact cannot sex until saru matures surya reluctantly administrative responsibilities share land village alone moves different older lakshmi kishtayya sent act servants long arrival exert authority introducing number different laws measures many controversial among village people almost immediately surya starts form attraction towards lakshmi gives task cooking meals serving tea sit well village priest traditionally delivers food landowner though higher price than lakshmi surya hires kishtayya ride bullock cart errands following day kishtayya collect fertilizer landlord surya uses kishtayya absence try flirt lakshmi fails reciprocate meantime villagers begun gossip many most notably overseer police officer patel sheikh chand believe surya already slept lakshmi act same did try conceal scandal giving mistress vast plot land kishtayya caught stealing toddy wine publicly humiliated decides leave village due embarrassment absence surya lakshmi sleep together saru arrives village order live husband saru approve lakshmi presence partly lakshmi dalit partly saru heard villagers rumors morning lakshmi suffering morning sickness saru fires claiming too sick work many days kishtayya returns cured alcoholism made money lakshmi overwhelmed feeling guilt believes betrayed husband discovering lakshmi pregnancy salutes village goddess temple acknowledging wife wish granted decides return work hopefully ride bullock cart once surya surya sees kishtayya mistakenly believes kishtayya seeking revenge due infidelity lakshmi surya orders three men grab hold kishtayya proceeds whip rope used lynching commotion attracts others including sheikh chand pratap scene lakshmi rushes defend husband angrily curses surya slowly returns home kishtayya final scene others left young child throws stone surya glass window runs,drama,romance
"Police constables Balagopal (Sreejith Ravi) and Jolly Kurien (Joju George) have been at odds for years but are under orders to transfer two prisoners from Kannur to Trivandrum. They board the Parasuram express with the handcuffed inmates. While at the Kayamkulam station, prisoner Nandu (Vineeth Sreenivasan) escapes. The two officers get off the train at the next stop with second inmate Maran (Chemban Vinod Jose) and frantically searches for Nandu. The three unlikely musketeers finds the back-story of Nandu. Nandu's father, Narayanan (Nedumudi Venu) always have a wrongful intention to his step-sister, Lakshmi (Nikki Galrani). Nandu, one day determines to kill his father for the same, but the trap he set accidentally killed his mother. He was arrested for his mother's murder. One day his father Narayanan comes to visit him at jail and reveals his true intentions for his step-sister. Nandu determines to escape at any possible opportunities. The three musketeers finds Nandu while roughing with Narayanan, both with the intention to kill. Accidentally Jolly Kurien kills Nandu's father. With knowing Narayanan's story, Maran devises a plan to not let the issue known to others, to which everyone agrees. Narayanan's body is buried in a nearby church cemetery at that night itself. In the end of the day everyone is shown as happy in their karmic lives.",police constables balagopal sreejith ravi jolly kurien joju george odds years under orders transfer prisoners kannur trivandrum board parasuram express handcuffed inmates kayamkulam station prisoner nandu vineeth sreenivasan escapes officers train stop second inmate maran chemban vinod jose frantically searches nandu three unlikely musketeers story nandu nandu narayanan nedumudi venu always wrongful intention step sister lakshmi nikki galrani nandu day determines kill same trap set accidentally killed mother arrested mother murder day narayanan visit jail reveals true intentions step sister nandu determines escape any possible opportunities three musketeers nandu roughing narayanan intention kill accidentally jolly kurien kills nandu knowing narayanan story maran devises plan let issue known others everyone agrees narayanan body buried nearby church cemetery night itself end day everyone shown happy karmic lives,comedy,action
"Akemi (Kaji) is a dragon tattooed leader of the Tachibana Yakuza clan. In a duel with a rival gang Akemi slashes the eyes of an opponent and a black cat appears, to lap the blood from the gushing wound. The cat along with the eye-victim go on to pursue Akemi’s gang in revenge, leaving a trail of dead Yakuza girls, their dragon tattoos skinned from their bodies.[1]",akemi kaji dragon tattooed leader tachibana yakuza clan duel rival gang akemi slashes eyes opponent black cat appears lap blood gushing wound cat along eye victim pursue akemi s gang revenge leaving trail dead yakuza girls dragon tattoos skinned bodies,crime,action
"The movie starts of with Kumaran (Thambi Ramiah) telling his wife that he is going to a temple. Actually he spend 2 days of each month with women he meets on the internet. His old fashioned Hep wife doesn't suspect anything. while he is driving he finds Abishek(Vinay) unconscious on the road. Abishek then tells his story to Kumaran on how he ended up on the road. Abishek is a disheveled photographer who meets up with his friend who is a florist. There, he sees Julie(Preethi Christina) who is shopping and is in a hurry. She asks Abishek to drive her around for the day for 500 dollars. He agrees and borrows his friends car for the day. At the end of the day, Julie invites him, a man she has no clue about, into her house and asks him to make coffee. While he is making coffee, she gets dressed and asks him to zip her dress up for her. It is revealed that Julie wants to be a model for the Vogue magazine and she was meant to be meeting a famous fashion photographer for an opportunity. She then instructs Abishek to drive to the photographer's house. Once they reach their destination, Abishek reveals that he is the well known photographer she was going to see. They fall in love. A montage song shows them travelling together all over New Zealand. Julie's parents find out and as they don't approve of their relationship, they decide to get her married by force. Meanwhile, Abishek's childhood friend Sherin sees a picture in an art gallery and tells the manager about abishek, his friends, her childhood. Sherin spots a heartbroken Abishek drunk in a bar and escorts him to a hotel. There are some awkward circumstances between them but Abishek tells her full story once he is sober. Sherin talks about her dead brother murder that happened in their secret place and pretends to help Abishek get Julie back. However, Sherin is convinced that Abishek murdered her brother because he was the last person to see him at the secret place and wants to avenge him. The story cuts back to the present day where Kumaran is seen together in bed with a woman and leaves hurriedly when her husband returns. Sherin and Abishek try to find Julie but they are in no hurry. then Sherin meets Julie and tells Abishek to forget her.",movie starts kumaran thambi ramiah telling wife going temple actually spend days each month women meets internet old fashioned hep wife suspect anything driving abishek vinay unconscious road abishek story kumaran how ended road abishek disheveled photographer meets friend florist sees julie preethi christina shopping hurry abishek drive around day dollars agrees borrows friends car day end day julie invites clue coffee making coffee dressed zip dress revealed julie wants model vogue magazine meant meeting famous fashion photographer opportunity instructs abishek drive photographer once reach destination abishek reveals well known photographer going see fall love montage song shows travelling together zealand julie parents find do approve relationship decide married force abishek childhood friend sherin sees picture art gallery manager abishek friends childhood sherin spots heartbroken abishek drunk bar escorts hotel awkward circumstances abishek full story once sober sherin talks dead brother murder happened secret place pretends abishek julie sherin convinced abishek murdered brother last person see secret place wants avenge story cuts present day kumaran seen together bed woman leaves hurriedly husband returns sherin abishek try find julie hurry sherin meets julie abishek forget,romance,comedy
"Jamil (Ramon Novarro) is a soldier in the Bedouin defense forces during a war between Syria and Turkey, who has deserted his regiment. In a remote village, he encounters an orphan asylum run by American missionaries Dr. Hilbert (Jerrold Robertshaw) and his daughter Mary (Alice Terry). The village is attacked by the Turks, and its ruler, eager to placate the invaders, intends to hand over the children for slaughter; he disguises his intentions under a move to Damascus for their safety. The Bedouins arrive at the scene and reveal that Jamil is the son of the tribal leader. With his father's death revealed, Jamil becomes the new leader of the tribe, which endows him with a sense of responsibility. Risking his own life, he proceeds to save the children, defeating the Turks and the local leader in the process (and winning the girl).",jamil ramon novarro soldier bedouin defense forces war syria turkey deserted regiment remote village encounters orphan asylum run american missionaries dr hilbert jerrold robertshaw daughter mary alice terry village attacked turks ruler eager placate invaders intends hand children slaughter disguises intentions under move damascus safety bedouins arrive scene reveal jamil son tribal leader death revealed jamil leader tribe endows sense responsibility risking life proceeds save children defeating turks local leader process winning girl,romance,drama
"Will Tenneray and Abe Cross are two aging, famous gunfighters, both in need of money. Cross rides into town, having failed as a gold prospector. His reputation is such that everyone expects him to shoot it out with Tenneray, who capitalizes on his legend by working at the saloon to sucker fools into buying drinks. To the town's surprise, Tenneray and Cross take a liking to one another. There is no hostility between them whatsoever. Tenneray is desperate for money, however. He comes up with the idea to stage a duel to the death in a bullfight arena, with the ticket proceeds going to the winner. Unfortunately, by killing Cross, he reasons to Nora, his wife, I could lose my best friend. The actual gunfight is shot in a low-key and unromanticised fashion, and is over in a couple of seconds, Cross killing Tenneray with the first bullet. (This defies conventions with the man in black winning.) There is an extended fantasy sequence near the end, where we see what might have happened if Tenneray had won, which may have confused some viewers. It may be open to interpretation if this is Cross's fantasy or Tenneray's widow's fantasy.",tenneray abe cross aging famous gunfighters need money cross rides town failed gold prospector reputation such everyone expects shoot tenneray capitalizes legend working saloon sucker fools buying drinks town surprise tenneray cross liking hostility whatsoever tenneray desperate money idea stage duel death bullfight arena ticket proceeds going winner unfortunately killing cross reasons nora wife i could lose my best friend actual gunfight shot low key unromanticised fashion couple seconds cross killing tenneray bullet defies conventions black winning extended fantasy sequence near end we see might happened tenneray won may confused viewers may open interpretation cross fantasy or tenneray widow fantasy,western,comedy
"Omi Khurana’s London dream has just ended. On the run from a dangerous UK gangster to whom he owes money, Omi returns to his native village in Punjab, pretending to be a well-heeled London lawyer. Much has changed since Omi ran away from home a decade back after stealing money from his doting grandfather, Daarji. The old man has since become senile and more importantly, forgotten the secret recipe of Chicken Khurana, a dish that made the Khurana dhaba (restaurant) famous across Punjab. Omi’s childhood sweetheart Harman is soon to be married to his cousin, Jeet, though neither seems too happy about it. Adding to the quirkiness of the Khurana family is a freeloader uncle, Titu, who once did a stint at a mental asylum. Omi's grandfather has a cousin sister who ran away from home at an early age and is now a saint. When his grandfather dies on his last visit to his restaurant, Omi tries to restore their family restaurant with Harman's help. While working in the restaurant, the two reconcile and start to have feelings for each other. Meanwhile, Omi discovers the secret ingredient from his grandfather's famous chicken recipe was a narcotic herbal medicine but keeps it a secret. When the family comes together, Jeet surprises everybody by revealing his love for a Bengali war-widow, Shama, and his secret daughter with her. Omi and Harman decide to get married. In the end, the whole family seems happy and celebrating when the gangster from whom Omi is hiding comes looking for him and is revealed to be Titu's long-lost friend.",omi khurana s london dream ended run dangerous uk gangster whom owes money omi returns native village punjab pretending well heeled london lawyer much changed since omi ran home decade stealing money doting grandfather daarji old since become senile importantly forgotten secret recipe chicken khurana dish made khurana dhaba restaurant famous across punjab omi s childhood sweetheart harman married cousin jeet though neither seems too happy adding quirkiness khurana family freeloader uncle titu once did stint mental asylum omi grandfather cousin sister ran home early age saint grandfather dies last visit restaurant omi restore family restaurant harman working restaurant reconcile start feelings each omi discovers secret ingredient grandfather famous chicken recipe narcotic herbal medicine keeps secret family together jeet surprises everybody revealing love bengali war widow shama secret daughter omi harman decide married end whole family seems happy celebrating gangster whom omi hiding looking revealed titu long lost friend,comedy,romance
"The two main characters are Ram and Malti (Jaya Bhaduri). Ram lives in an apartment in Mumbai. Malti initially lives in a relatively comfortable home in an unidentified village. Ram and Malti are hooked up through a matchmaker that their parents have hired. We first see the matchmaker visiting Malti's house; he then visits Ram and his family (parents, two brothers, one sister-in-law, three uncles, and two aunts), who live together in a one-room apartment. Ram and Malti fall in love, and Ram's family visits her in her village. Soon, they are married, and Malti moves to Ram's apartment, not knowing what to expect. Since there is very little room left in the apartment, the newlyweds are forced to sleep in the kitchen. They make several comical, but failed, attempts to have some privacy. At last, Malti can bear it no longer, and her uncle arrives to take her back to the village. But when they see all her in-laws offering to move out on her account, they change their minds, saying that such love overcomes the difficulties of living in Mumbai. In the end, the couple finally finds the privacy they sought.",main characters ram malti jaya bhaduri ram lives apartment mumbai malti initially lives relatively comfortable home unidentified village ram malti hooked matchmaker parents hired we see matchmaker visiting malti visits ram family parents brothers sister law three uncles aunts live together room apartment ram malti fall love ram family visits village married malti moves ram apartment knowing expect since very little room left apartment newlyweds forced sleep kitchen several comical failed attempts privacy last malti bear longer uncle arrives village see laws offering move account change minds saying such love overcomes difficulties living mumbai end couple finally privacy sought,drama,romance
"Under psychiatric care for several years, unknown to his employers, Doug Gerhardt has a job with a car dealership. He borrows a luxury convertible without permission to impress a date, but when she resists his advances at a motel, Doug kills her. On the way home, Doug nearly runs over Marian Wood and her son. Still obsessed with women, Doug steals a toy belonging to the boy as an excuse for looking up Marian later. He ingratiates himself with Marian at home by repairing her washing machine, then preys on her frustration with husband Woody's frequent absence. Doug's mother comes to see Marian, warning her about Doug's mental state and mistakenly believing Marian is romantically involved with him. Marian threatens to notify the police, after which Doug murders his mother, assaults Woody and takes their son captive. About to sexually assault Marian, he is killed when she stabs him with a nail file.",under psychiatric care several years unknown employers doug gerhardt job car dealership borrows luxury convertible without permission impress date resists advances motel doug kills home doug nearly runs marian wood son obsessed women doug steals toy belonging boy excuse looking marian ingratiates marian home repairing washing machine preys frustration husband woody frequent absence doug mother see marian warning doug mental state mistakenly believing marian romantically involved marian threatens notify police doug murders mother assaults woody son captive sexually assault marian killed stabs nail file,crime,horror
"Nicole Oakley, the out-of-control daughter of congressman Tom Oakley, meets a working class Mexican-American straight-A student, Carlos Nuñez. Nicole's mother committed suicide when she was very young, and feels unwanted by her father, who is now married to another woman and has another young daughter with his new wife. Carlos, on the other hand, is from a poor background and is working hard towards becoming a Navy pilot. They fall in love, and Carlos spends so much time with her that he stops performing well in school. Carlos is applying to the U.S. Naval Academy and Nicole's father suggests Carlos talk to him about gaining his Congressional sponsorship to the Academy. During their meeting, Nicole's father tells Carlos that he needs to end his relationship with Nicole, or she will destroy his life. Carlos breaks up with her, which leads Nicole into depression and back into wild, drunken partying. One night, Carlos calls her and finds out she is getting drunk at a high school party. He saves Nicole from a boy trying to take advantage of her. Carlos drives her home, but they get stopped by the police. As a result of this incident, Nicole's father and stepmother decide that she needs to go to a boarding school far away from home; Carlos rescues her and they run away together. While they are away, Nicole realizes she is getting in the way of Carlos' dreams, so she decides to sober up. They go back home and she makes up with her father. Her father thanks Carlos for not listening to his advice to abandon Nicole. In the end credits, we see that Carlos has become a pilot with the Navy.",nicole oakley control daughter congressman tom oakley meets working class mexican american straight student carlos nu ez nicole mother committed suicide very young feels unwanted married woman young daughter wife carlos hand poor background working hard towards becoming navy pilot fall love carlos spends much time stops performing well school carlos applying u s naval academy nicole suggests carlos talk gaining congressional sponsorship academy meeting nicole carlos needs end relationship nicole or destroy life carlos breaks leads nicole depression wild drunken partying night carlos calls getting drunk high school party saves nicole boy trying advantage carlos drives home stopped police result incident nicole stepmother decide needs boarding school far home carlos rescues run together nicole realizes getting carlos dreams decides sober home makes thanks carlos listening advice abandon nicole end credits we see carlos become pilot navy,romance,comedy
"Reşat, a withdrawn and asocial young man who works at a pirate DVD shop, represses his feelings for the girl next door, and adds excitement to his life with petty theft. The film turns into a thriller when the shadowy Celal, a friend of Reşat's boss, gets shot just after he leaves a package in the shop and Reşat has to make sense of the photo and the gun it contains.[2]",re withdrawn asocial young works pirate dvd shop represses feelings girl door adds excitement life petty theft film turns thriller shadowy celal friend re boss shot leaves package shop re sense photo gun contains,drama,comedy
"The departure of an ocean liner is held up to wait for spoiled heiress Anne Holt (Carole Lombard). Tony Gage (Lyle Talbot) expresses his contempt of her inconsiderate behavior to a fellow passenger, who agrees with him, even though she is the woman's paternal grandmother, Gran Holt (Louise Closser Hale). During the voyage, Anne and Tony become acquainted and fall in love, but he refuses to marry her because she is already engaged to Prince Carlos (Jameson Thomas) and because of the enormous financial gulf between them. He is too poor to even afford to buy her orchids. Anne's father Bill (Walter Connolly) finds out and invites the man to dinner. He likes Tony very much. Eventually, Anne breaks down Tony's resistance and they become engaged. However, there is a formidable obstacle—her grandfather Jerome Cedric (C. Aubrey Smith). He had already been foiled once before in his ambition to have royalty in the family, when his daughter married Bill against his wishes. The richest man in America, Cedric had arranged the marriage to Carlos, going so far as to finance a revolution to restore the prince to his position. When he learns of the danger to his plans, he first threatens to disinherit his granddaughter; when that does not work, he informs Anne that Bill's bank is on the verge of bankruptcy and that he will not prop it up unless she marries his choice. Heartbroken, Anne gives in and breaks off her engagement to Tony without telling him the reason. When Bill finds out, he lies to Anne, telling her that he has found alternate financing to save the bank. He arranges an impromptu wedding for Anne and Tony. Then, he flies off in his plane, supposedly on business, but in reality to commit suicide.",departure ocean liner held wait spoiled heiress anne holt carole lombard tony gage lyle talbot expresses contempt inconsiderate behavior fellow passenger agrees even though woman paternal grandmother gran holt louise closser hale voyage anne tony become acquainted fall love refuses marry already engaged prince carlos jameson thomas enormous financial gulf too poor even afford buy orchids anne bill walter connolly invites dinner likes tony very much anne breaks tony resistance become engaged formidable obstacle grandfather jerome cedric c aubrey smith already foiled once ambition royalty family daughter married bill against wishes richest america cedric arranged marriage carlos going far finance revolution restore prince position learns danger plans threatens disinherit granddaughter work informs anne bill bank verge bankruptcy prop unless marries choice heartbroken anne gives breaks engagement tony without telling reason bill lies anne telling found alternate financing save bank arranges impromptu wedding anne tony flies plane supposedly business reality commit suicide,romance,drama
"Loosely inspired by a novella by Cornell Woolrich, the film revolves around a cursed Aztec ceremonial cloak that possesses anyone who wears it. Young college student Amy (Amick) decides to make a dress out of the cloth. Once she dons the dress, she falls under the spell and becomes a remorseless killer.",loosely inspired novella cornell woolrich film revolves around cursed aztec ceremonial cloak possesses anyone wears young college student amy amick decides dress cloth once dons dress falls under spell remorseless killer,horror,romance
"A dying mother asks her step-son, Rahu, to look after his younger stepbrother, Beli (Bharat Bhushan). The stepson decides to have Beli murdered in order to lay claim to the entire property. Rahu appoints Jaggu (Pesi Patel) to carry out the killing. However, Jaggu changes his mind when Beli asks him if he has any children. Jaggu then takes Beli to his village in Kullu where he lives with his cheerful and spirited daughter Kammo (Geeta Bali). Beli soon finds a job at the Zamindar's (Landlord) house. The landlord's daughter, Paro (Begum Para) is good friends with Kammo. Both Kammo and Paro fall in love with Beli, but Beli likes Paro. Rahu finds out that Beli is not dead and comes to the village, ingratiating himself with the Zamindar. He asks for Paro's hand in marriage and the Zamindar agrees. On the wedding night, Kammo persuades Beli and Paro to elope but they are stopped by Rahu who tries to shoot Beli. Kammo comes in the way and is shot. She dies uniting the two lovers.",dying mother step son rahu look younger stepbrother beli bharat bhushan stepson decides beli murdered order lay claim entire property rahu appoints jaggu pesi patel carry killing jaggu changes mind beli any children jaggu beli village kullu lives cheerful spirited daughter kammo geeta bali beli job zamindar landlord landlord daughter paro begum para good friends kammo kammo paro fall love beli beli likes paro rahu beli dead village ingratiating zamindar paro hand marriage zamindar agrees wedding night kammo persuades beli paro elope stopped rahu shoot beli kammo shot dies uniting lovers,drama,romance
"Sets in the 19th century, the plot centered on a man (Harold Lockwood) who is falsely accused of murder. The Other Side of the Door was shot in Monterrey, Mexico.[1]",sets th century plot centered harold lockwood falsely accused murder side door shot monterrey mexico,horror,western
"A constantly bickering Anglo-Irish family live in a crumbling 'big house', when their lives are interrupted by the unexpected arrival of a German cousin.[2]",constantly bickering anglo irish family live crumbling big lives interrupted unexpected arrival german cousin,comedy,drama
"Police inspectors Lau Ching-hei and Yau Kin-bong arrest a rapist in 2003. When Yau returns home later, he sees that his pregnant girlfriend has committed suicide by slitting her wrists. Yau is so depressed with her death that he indulges in alcohol and turns in his police badge to work as a private investigator. He becomes obsessed with finding out the reason for his girlfriend's suicide. Three years later, Yau discovers that his girlfriend had actually cheated on him and she was waiting at a bar for her secret lover on the night she died. Her secret lover did not show up that night because he was involved in a car accident. Yau initially thought that he will be angry with his girlfriend's lover, but he ends up taking care of the comatose man in the hospital. Yau gets over the unhappy incident and falls in love with Hung, a girl who sells beer in the same bar. Lau's wife, Susan, is the daughter of the billionaire Chow Yuen-sing. One night, Lau and two accomplices break into his father-in-law's residence, where they kill Chow and his butler, Uncle Man. Later, Lau lures his partners-in-crime to a rundown house and murders them, after which he attempts to make the scene seem as though the two of them killed each other in a dispute over the loot. Susan is not convinced that only the two killers were involved, so she hires Yau to help her investigate further. She has also become paranoid after her father's murder, so Lau has to discreetly give her pills to calm her down and put her to sleep. After a long investigation, which includes a few dangerous confrontations with a suspect, Yau discovers Lau's secret and dark past. Chow Yuen-sing had murdered Lau's family members in Macau several years ago when Lau was still a boy, and he bribed the police to close the case. Lau survived, took on a new identity, and grew up in an orphanage before moving to Hong Kong, where he became a police officer. Lau seeks vengeance on Chow and he pretended to fall in love with Susan and married her. He attempts to kill Susan by drugging her and locking her inside the kitchen after turning on the gas. Susan survives, but is badly injured because there was an explosion, and ends up in hospital. Lau visits Susan in hospital and mentally confesses the truth to her. She reveals that she already knows he tried to murder her because she was still partially conscious when he drugged her and locked her in the kitchen. She then asks him if he ever really loved her. Lau realises that, in his desire for revenge, he has destroyed a new family he created with Susan. Susan does not believe him, loses her will to live, and dies. Yau meets Lau outside the hospital and tells him his conclusion. Lau returns to Susan's room, where he feels overwhelmed by guilt and eventually commits suicide by shooting himself in the head.",police inspectors lau ching hei yau kin bong arrest rapist yau returns home sees pregnant girlfriend committed suicide slitting wrists yau depressed death indulges alcohol turns police badge work private investigator obsessed finding reason girlfriend suicide three years yau discovers girlfriend actually cheated waiting bar secret lover night died secret lover did show night involved car accident yau initially thought angry girlfriend lover ends taking care comatose hospital yau unhappy incident falls love hung girl sells beer same bar lau wife susan daughter billionaire chow yuen sing night lau accomplices break law residence kill chow butler uncle lau lures partners crime rundown murders attempts scene seem though killed each dispute loot susan convinced killers were involved hires yau investigate further become paranoid murder lau discreetly give pills calm put sleep long investigation includes few dangerous confrontations suspect yau discovers lau secret dark past chow yuen sing murdered lau family members macau several years ago lau boy bribed police close case lau survived took identity grew orphanage moving hong kong became police officer lau seeks vengeance chow pretended fall love susan married attempts kill susan drugging locking inside kitchen turning gas susan survives badly injured explosion ends hospital lau visits susan hospital mentally confesses truth reveals already knows tried murder partially conscious drugged locked kitchen ever really loved lau realises desire revenge destroyed family created susan susan believe loses live dies yau meets lau outside hospital conclusion lau returns susan room feels overwhelmed guilt commits suicide shooting head,drama,crime
"College football hero John Hawks (Morris) lets himself be goaded by wealthy socialite Alison Corning (Loyd/Todd) into forgoing a job coaching the college team to be a real man, and make real money in the big city with her father, Stephen Corning (Emmett Corrigan), on Wall Street. He soon has more than he can stomach, making money by bilking the poor out of their meager savings with junk bonds. Mr. Corning tells John he doesn't have what it takes to succeed in the brutal world of share trading. John replies he will seek a new line of work where he will not go after elderly widows' savings. John decides to go after those who deserve to lose their money: bootleggers. He gets inside information on Big John's (Fred Kohler) rum-running operation from Slim (Ned Sparks) through his gun moll, Sophie. Sophie taps out the information in Morse code with her typewriter to a confederate who informs John of alcohol shipments. Hawks is a modern pirate. With his friend, 'Chub' (Frank McHugh), he captains the Corsair, a gunboat, which preys on bootleggers and then resells the cargo to their wealthy backers. He only forgot two things: that in the cutthroat world of junk bonds and margin calls, they don’t use real knives, machine guns, and bombs, like the gangsters; and the girl hiding in the hold.",college football hero john hawks morris lets goaded wealthy socialite alison corning loyd todd forgoing job coaching college team real real money big city stephen corning emmett corrigan wall street than stomach making money bilking poor meager savings junk bonds mr corning john succeed brutal world share trading john replies seek line work elderly widows savings john decides those deserve lose money bootleggers inside information big john fred kohler rum running operation slim ned sparks gun moll sophie sophie taps information morse code typewriter confederate informs john alcohol shipments hawks modern pirate friend chub frank mchugh captains corsair gunboat preys bootleggers resells cargo wealthy backers forgot things cutthroat world junk bonds margin calls don t use real knives machine guns bombs like gangsters girl hiding hold,crime,comedy
"In the small town of Dukesberry, New Hampshire, Davey Stone is a 33-year-old alcoholic troublemaker with a long criminal record, whose antics have long earned him the animosity of the community. Davey is arrested for refusing to pay his bill at Mr. Chang's Chinese restaurant, attempting to evade arrest (Davey's Song), stealing a snowmobile and destroying festive ice sculptures in the process. At Davey's trial, Whitey Duvall, a 70-year-old volunteer referee from Davey's former basketball league, intervenes. At Whitey's suggestion, the judge sentences Davey to community service as a referee-in-training for Whitey's Youth Basketball League. Under the terms of the community service, if Davey commits a crime before his sentence is completed, he will serve ten years in prison. The next day, Davey's first game ends in disaster. After Davey causes disruptions, Whitey suffers a grand mal seizure, and the game is abruptly brought to an end. Attempting to calm Davey down, Whitey takes him to the mall, where they meet Jennifer Friedman, Davey's childhood girlfriend, and her son Benjamin. Although Whitey reminds him that he lost his chance with Jennifer twenty years earlier, Davey still finds himself attracted to her. As time progresses, Davey and Whitey's relationship becomes more strained. Whitey's various attempts to encourage Davey are met with humiliation and assault - including but not limited to Davey knocking Whitey into an outhouse and then spraying him when he falls out with a hose, causing Whitey to be frozen in defecation for several hours, before a group of grazing reindeer lick him out. Upon arriving home (Long Ago), Davey finds his trailer being burned down by a man who lost a basketball match to him earlier. Davey runs into the burning trailer to rescue a Hanukkah card from his late parents, then watches the trailer burn down. Whitey opens his home to Davey, who reluctantly accepts the invitation; also living in the house is Whitey's diabetic fraternal twin sister Eleanore. The Duvall household has many complex rules, to which Whitey refers as technical fouls (Technical Foul). Despite this, Davey seemingly overcomes them, and begins to turn his life around. However, Davey's progress in reforming comes to a halt when Whitey recalls the events of what happened two decades ago: En route to one of Davey's basketball games, his parents were killed in a car accident when a truck skidded on black ice and swerved into them, and Davey learned of their deaths when the police showed up at the end of his game to inform him. Devastated by the loss of his loving parents and leaping from foster home to foster home, Davey spent the next 20 years numbing his pain with alcohol and petty crime. Uncomfortable with this reminder of his tragic and painful childhood, Davey loses his temper and insults both Whitey and Eleanor. As a result, Whitey revokes Davey's privilege to reside at his home, much to Davey's relief. Davey spends the rest of the day drinking, and later that night breaks into the mall, which is closed. In a drunken stupor, he imagines the logos of various stores coming to life and confronting him about his inability to grieve for his parents, which they identify as the source of his alcoholism (Intervention Song). He finally opens his parents' Hanukkah card, which contains a message praising him for being a good son. Coming to terms with his loss, Davey finally cries. Just then, the police arrive to arrest Davey, but he escapes and boards a bus to New York City, just as the police are searching for him across. En route, the bus is forced to stop when all eight tires are punctured by a single thumbtack in the road. Reminded of the Miracle of Hanukkah, Davey walks off the bus, intending to find Whitey and make amends with him. Davey finds Whitey at the All-Star Banquet, an annual town celebration in which one member of the community is recognized for positive contributions to Dukesberry with the Dukesberry All-Star Patch. Despite having vied for the award for over 35 years, Whitey is once again passed over. Heartbroken, he leaves, intending to move to Florida, where he can live out the rest of his life in anonymity. Risking arrest, Davey enters the hall and informs everyone of the selfless contributions that Whitey has made to Dukesberry over the course of his life. Ashamed, the townspeople acknowledge the error of their decision (Bum Biddy). Davey leads the people to Whitey, who has gone to the mall with Eleanor to speak to it one more time. The townspeople thank Whitey for his service over the years and the Mayor officially grants him the Patch Award. All 34 previous recipients of the awards give theirs to Whitey. Davey and Jennifer reconcile, and Whitey goes into a seizure, which he calls the happiest seizure of my life!.",small town dukesberry hampshire davey stone year old alcoholic troublemaker long criminal record whose antics long earned animosity community davey arrested refusing pay bill mr chang chinese restaurant attempting evade arrest davey song stealing snowmobile destroying festive ice sculptures process davey trial whitey duvall year old volunteer referee davey former basketball league intervenes whitey suggestion judge sentences davey community service referee training whitey youth basketball league under terms community service davey commits crime sentence completed serve ten years prison day davey game ends disaster davey causes disruptions whitey suffers grand mal seizure game abruptly brought end attempting calm davey whitey mall meet jennifer friedman davey childhood girlfriend son benjamin although whitey reminds lost chance jennifer twenty years earlier davey attracted time progresses davey whitey relationship strained whitey various attempts encourage davey met humiliation assault including limited davey knocking whitey outhouse spraying falls hose causing whitey frozen defecation several hours group grazing reindeer lick upon arriving home long ago davey trailer burned lost basketball match earlier davey runs burning trailer rescue hanukkah card late parents watches trailer burn whitey opens home davey reluctantly accepts invitation living whitey diabetic fraternal twin sister eleanore duvall household many complex rules whitey refers technical fouls technical foul despite davey seemingly overcomes turn life around davey progress reforming halt whitey recalls events happened decades ago en route davey basketball games parents were killed car accident truck skidded black ice swerved davey learned deaths police showed end game inform devastated loss loving parents leaping foster home foster home davey spent years numbing pain alcohol petty crime uncomfortable reminder tragic painful childhood davey loses temper insults whitey eleanor result whitey revokes davey privilege reside home much davey relief davey spends rest day drinking night breaks mall closed drunken stupor imagines logos various stores coming life confronting inability grieve parents identify source alcoholism intervention song finally opens parents hanukkah card contains message praising good son coming terms loss davey finally cries police arrive arrest davey escapes boards bus york city police searching across en route bus forced stop eight tires punctured single thumbtack road reminded miracle hanukkah davey walks bus intending find whitey amends davey whitey star banquet annual town celebration member community recognized positive contributions dukesberry dukesberry star patch despite vied award years whitey once passed heartbroken leaves intending move florida live rest life anonymity risking arrest davey enters hall informs everyone selfless contributions whitey made dukesberry course life ashamed townspeople acknowledge error decision bum biddy davey leads people whitey gone mall eleanor speak time townspeople thank whitey service years mayor officially grants patch award previous recipients awards give theirs whitey davey jennifer reconcile whitey seizure calls happiest seizure my life,animation,drama
"Waltzes from Vienna begins the sound of the fire brigade horn and the clip-clop of horses’ hooves, as the firemen race towards a fire at Ebezeder’s Café. Upstairs from the café, Resi and Schani are oblivious to the danger, lost in a love duet that concludes with Schani telling Resi that he has dedicated his newest song to her. At the same time, Schani’s music attracts the attention of the Countess Helga von Stahl, who is shopping in the dressmaker’s store next door. Schani and Resi’s romantic interlude is interrupted by Leopold, a baker in Resi’s father's café who is in love with Resi, as he awkwardly climbs up the ladder to save her. Schani and Leopold argue over who will save Resi from the fire, but Leopold eventually wins and hauls Resi over his shoulder and down the ladder, causing her to lose her skirt on the way. Resi races to the dressmaker’s shop to get away from the laughter of the onlookers. Schani retrieves Resi’s skirt and then stumbles into the dressmaker’s in search of Resi, where he meets the Countess. When the Countess learns that Schani is an aspiring musician, she proposes that he set some of her verses to music. As the Countess offers Schani her card, Resi enters the room and becomes immediately suspicious of the Countess’s intentions. With the romantic triangle set up, the next scene sets up the conflict between Schani and his father. At orchestra rehearsal, in which Schani plays second violin under his father’s baton, Schani gets himself in trouble when he insults his father’s music to his stand partner. The elder Strauss overhears and demands that Schani perform one of his own compositions for the members of the orchestra. Strauss Sr. then ridicules his son’s waltz and tells him he could never have a career as a composer, inciting Schani to quit the orchestra. Excited by his newfound freedom and the commission from the Countess, Schani visits Resi at her father’s bakery to tell her his news. Resi initially berates Schani and informs him that, if he wants to marry her, he will have to give up music and take over the bakery. However, when she reads the Countess’s lyrics, she is drawn into the music, singing the opening of The Blue Danube waltz to Schani. Their moment of composition is interrupted when Resi’s father arrives to give Schani a tour of the bakery. As Schani and Ebezeder walk into the basement, a memorable and unusual scene of musical composition begins. While Schani looks around, the tune that Resi sang begins to evolve. Two men throwing bread back and forth inspire the second phrase of the melody; a man tossing croissants into a box creates the offbeat rhythm of the waltz. The rhythm of the dough mixing machine provides Schani with the second main theme of the first waltz. As he tells the begrudging Leopold to go faster, this second theme turns into the beginning of the second large section of piece, at which point Schani runs upstairs, exclaiming to Resi that he has finished the composition. He then rushes off to tell the Countess that he has composed the perfect waltz to accompany her verses. The next scene opens with Schani playing the final measures of the waltz to the Countess. After he finishes, she kisses him and then apologizes profusely, explaining that she was overwhelmed by his wonderful music. Schani then plays the second section of the waltz while her hand rests possessively on his shoulder, which, through a dissolve, becomes Resi’s hand. After thanking Resi for coming up with the phrase, Schani agrees to dedicate the song to her. As the scene fades away, the page with Schani’s dedication to Resi flips up to reveal another page with the same title, but dedicated to the Countess. The duplicitous dedication is discovered when Resi hears Schani and the Countess playing the waltz for the publisher, Anton Drexler. Schani runs after Resi to explain and they reconcile only when Schani tells her that he will give up his music to work in the bakery. However, Schani is clearly miserable in his new job and he fights with Resi when he receives an invitation from the Countess to attend St. Stephen’s Festival. Resi tells Schani that, if he attends, it will mean the end of their relationship. Meanwhile, the Countess plots a ruse that will cause Strauss Sr. to be late for the festival so that Schani can take his father's place to conduct his new waltz. As Schani conducts The Blue Danube at the festival, all of the film’s conflicts come to a climax. The Countess detains the elder Strauss by asking the dancers at the festival to play to his ego, requesting that he play his waltzes over and over for their pleasure in a back room. Strauss Sr. finally arrives to find that his son has taken his place, performing for an enthusiastic audience. Meanwhile, Resi laments that Schani betrayed her by coming to the festival at the Countess’s command. Following the performance, the elder Strauss angrily tells his son that he had not authorized the performance, as the Countess had led him to believe. Schani leaves the festival in confusion and the Countess follows him home where they share another kiss. However, the romantic moment is interrupted by the Count, who, upon learning where the Countess had gone, left the party in a rage. Fortunately, Resi arrives in time to sneak in the back and replace the Countess, who then walks back up the front stairs to surprise her husband, as the crowd outside hums The Blue Danube Waltz.",waltzes vienna sound fire brigade horn clip clop horses hooves firemen race towards fire ebezeder s caf upstairs caf resi schani oblivious danger lost love duet concludes schani telling resi dedicated newest song same time schani s music attracts attention countess helga von stahl shopping dressmaker s store door schani resi s romantic interlude interrupted leopold baker resi s caf love resi awkwardly climbs ladder save schani leopold argue save resi fire leopold wins hauls resi shoulder ladder causing lose skirt resi races dressmaker s shop laughter onlookers schani retrieves resi s skirt stumbles dressmaker s search resi meets countess countess learns schani aspiring musician proposes set verses music countess offers schani card resi enters room immediately suspicious countess s intentions romantic triangle set scene sets conflict schani orchestra rehearsal schani plays second violin under s baton schani trouble insults s music stand partner elder strauss overhears demands schani perform compositions members orchestra strauss sr ridicules son s waltz could never career composer inciting schani quit orchestra excited newfound freedom commission countess schani visits resi s bakery tell news resi initially berates schani informs wants marry give music bakery reads countess s lyrics drawn music singing opening blue danube waltz schani moment composition interrupted resi s arrives give schani tour bakery schani ebezeder walk basement memorable unusual scene musical composition schani looks around tune resi sang evolve men throwing bread forth inspire second phrase melody tossing croissants box creates offbeat rhythm waltz rhythm dough mixing machine provides schani second main theme waltz begrudging leopold faster second theme turns beginning second large section piece point schani runs upstairs exclaiming resi finished composition rushes tell countess composed perfect waltz accompany verses scene opens schani playing final measures waltz countess finishes kisses apologizes profusely explaining overwhelmed wonderful music schani plays second section waltz hand rests possessively shoulder dissolve resi s hand thanking resi coming phrase schani agrees dedicate song scene fades page schani s dedication resi flips reveal page same title dedicated countess duplicitous dedication discovered resi hears schani countess playing waltz publisher anton drexler schani runs resi explain reconcile schani give music work bakery schani clearly miserable job fights resi receives invitation countess attend st stephen s festival resi schani attends mean end relationship countess plots ruse cause strauss sr late festival schani place conduct waltz schani conducts blue danube festival film s conflicts climax countess detains elder strauss asking dancers festival play ego requesting play waltzes pleasure room strauss sr finally arrives find son taken place performing enthusiastic audience resi laments schani betrayed coming festival countess s command following performance elder strauss angrily son authorized performance countess led believe schani leaves festival confusion countess follows home share kiss romantic moment interrupted count upon learning countess gone left party rage fortunately resi arrives time sneak replace countess walks front stairs surprise husband crowd outside hums blue danube waltz,drama,animation
Joe Puddlefoot becomes involved with criminals trying to steal valuable jade pieces belonging to the distinguished Sir Charles Goode.[2],joe puddlefoot involved criminals trying steal valuable jade pieces belonging distinguished sir charles goode,comedy,crime
"The film is set in Lucknow, where widower, Nawab Mirza Sultan lives with daughter Zeenat Jahan in an old mansion. She falls in love with Nawab Yusuf (Pradeep Kumar), but in a twist of fate, her uncle connivingly fixes her marriage with Nawab Sikandar Mirza (Ashok Kumar), though she assumes it is with Yusuf. When she finds the truth, it is the day of marriage, thus she visits a nearby dargah (Sufi shrine), hoping to meet Yusuf, not knowing that he is out of town. Thus, he never arrives and Zeenat faints. Back home marriage commences without her, while wakes up the following day, at the home of courtesan, Nazeeran Bai (Lalita Pawar), who had rescued her from the dargah.[1]",film set lucknow widower nawab mirza sultan lives daughter zeenat jahan old mansion falls love nawab yusuf pradeep kumar twist fate uncle connivingly fixes marriage nawab sikandar mirza ashok kumar though assumes yusuf truth day marriage thus visits nearby dargah sufi shrine hoping meet yusuf knowing town thus never arrives zeenat faints home marriage commences without wakes following day home courtesan nazeeran bai lalita pawar rescued dargah,drama,romance
"A couple, Fred (Henry Kendall) and Emily Hill (Joan Barry), living a mundane middle-class life in London, receive a letter informing them that an uncle will give them, as an advance against their future inheritance, as much money as they need to enjoy themselves in the present. Immediately Fred quits his job as a clerk and they leave on a cruise for the Orient. Fred quickly shows his susceptibility to sea-sickness while crossing the English Channel. In Paris, both are scandalised by the Folies Bergère. As they cruise the Mediterranean, Fred's sea-sickness keeps him in bed. During this time, Emily begins a relationship with a Commander Gordon (Percy Marmont), a dapper, popular bachelor. Finally feeling well enough to appear on deck, Fred is immediately smitten with a German princess (Betty Amann), who hits him in the eye with the rope ring used to play deck tennis (a combination of tennis and quoits which was at the time widely played shipboard). Both begin spending their time on board with their new paramours to the virtual exclusion of each other, and each plans to dissolve the marriage. In Colombo, the couple accidentally and awkwardly end up next to each other in a rickshaw. When the passengers disembark at the final destination of Singapore, Emily leaves with Gordon for his home. When he reveals that the princess is a sham aiming to relieve Fred of his money, she realises she cannot go on with Gordon and returns to warn her husband. Fred does not believe her at first, but soon discovers his lover has absconded with £1000 of his money to Rangoon. He learns that she was merely the daughter of a Berlin laundry owner and a common street walker. The couple have only enough money to clear their hotel bill and to book passage home to England on a tramp steamer. However, Fred and Emily's troubles have not ended, as the ship is abandoned after a collision in the fog. They are trapped in their cabin and prepare themselves for a watery end. In the morning, however, they awake to find the ship still afloat, and escape through a porthole. A Chinese junk arrives, and the crew proceed to loot the ship. When Fred and Emily board the junk, they are left unmolested and even fed. They finally return home, with their love for each other strengthened and seemingly wiser for their experiences. In the last scene, back home in London, the couple are seen arguing in a manner reminiscent of their bickering immediately prior to the arrival of the fateful letter.",couple fred henry kendall emily hill joan barry living mundane middle class life london receive letter informing uncle give advance against future inheritance much money need enjoy themselves present immediately fred quits job clerk leave cruise orient fred quickly shows susceptibility sea sickness crossing english channel paris scandalised folies berg re cruise mediterranean fred sea sickness keeps bed time emily relationship commander gordon percy marmont dapper popular bachelor finally feeling well enough appear deck fred immediately smitten german princess betty amann hits eye rope ring used play deck tennis combination tennis quoits time widely played shipboard begin spending time board paramours virtual exclusion each each plans dissolve marriage colombo couple accidentally awkwardly end each rickshaw passengers disembark final destination singapore emily leaves gordon home reveals princess sham aiming relieve fred money realises cannot gordon returns warn husband fred believe discovers lover absconded money rangoon learns merely daughter berlin laundry owner common street walker couple enough money clear hotel bill book passage home england tramp steamer fred emily troubles ended ship abandoned collision fog trapped cabin prepare themselves watery end morning awake find ship afloat escape porthole chinese junk arrives crew proceed loot ship fred emily board junk left unmolested even fed finally return home love each strengthened seemingly wiser experiences last scene home london couple seen arguing manner reminiscent bickering immediately prior arrival fateful letter,drama,comedy
"On a hot summer day, a young boy named Yuta visits the dam where his father died one year ago. At the site he meets a mysterious old man. He gives the old man something to drink and later that day the old man saves him after slipping off the dam. He wakes up to discover he is 30 years in the past. There he meets a girl named Saeko, who loves fireflies, and also befriends a boy his age named Kenjo.",hot summer day young boy named yuta visits dam died year ago site meets mysterious old gives old something drink day old saves slipping dam wakes discover years past meets girl named saeko loves fireflies befriends boy age named kenjo,animation,drama
"George Shuttleworth (Formby) is a chimney sweep from Wigan who dreams of winning the Isle of Man TT. Unfortunately, George's attempts to secure a factory ride with the Rainbow Motorcycle Company are unsuccessful and consequently he resorts to entering his own machine the Shuttleworth Snap, a motorcycle derived from an old Rainbow machine. Whilst running the engine of his machine, George inadvertently knocks the motorcycle off its stand and crashes into the fence of his next door neighbour, Mr Hardache, who goads George about his dream of winning the T.T. Undeterred, George asks his mother if she could lend him £5 so as he can make his way to the Isle of Man in order to compete at the races. Although unable to give him the £5 directly, George's mother endeavours to take the money from his Grandpa's savings which he keeps concealed in the lining of the settee. With money 'borrowed' from his grandfather, George make his way by train to Liverpool and embarks on the steamer for Douglas. As he prepares to embark, George's attention is drawn to the arrival of the more famous T.T. competitors -such as Bert Tyldesley- who embarks onto the steamer with the secretary of boss of the Rainbow Motorcycle Company, Florrey Dibney (Florence Desmond). George attempts to be included in a photograph with Tyldesley and another T.T. rider -Norton-, but as they assemble for the photograph, George observes a stray cargo crate heading towards them. In order to save Florrie from being struck by the crate, George pushes her out of the way and consequently knocks her hat over the side of the ship. More concerned at the loss of her hat than the danger posed by the cargo crate, Florrie takes George to task, and he resolves to climb down the side of the ship to retrieve the hat. As George begins to descend the side of the ship on a rope, the order is given to cast off and the deck hands begin to haul in the rope just as George reaches the ship's side belting. Holding onto the very end of the rope, it is suddenly hauled up and George falls into the water. He not only succeeds in winning the race, but the girl as well.",george shuttleworth formby chimney sweep wigan dreams winning isle tt unfortunately george attempts secure factory ride rainbow motorcycle company unsuccessful consequently resorts entering machine shuttleworth snap motorcycle derived old rainbow machine whilst running engine machine george inadvertently knocks motorcycle stand crashes fence door neighbour mr hardache goads george dream winning t t undeterred george mother could lend isle order compete races although unable give directly george mother endeavours money grandpa savings keeps concealed lining settee money borrowed grandfather george train liverpool embarks steamer douglas prepares embark george attention drawn arrival famous t t competitors such bert tyldesley embarks onto steamer secretary boss rainbow motorcycle company florrey dibney florence desmond george attempts included photograph tyldesley t t rider norton assemble photograph george observes stray cargo crate heading towards order save florrie struck crate george pushes consequently knocks hat side ship concerned loss hat than danger posed cargo crate florrie george task resolves climb side ship retrieve hat george descend side ship rope order given cast deck hands begin haul rope george reaches ship side belting holding onto very end rope suddenly hauled george falls water succeeds winning race girl well,comedy,animation
"Waking Life is about an unnamed[3] young man living an ethereal existence that lacks transitions between everyday events and eventually progresses toward an existential crisis. For most of the film, he observes quietly but later participates actively in philosophical discussions involving other characters—ranging from quirky scholars and artists to everyday restaurant-goers and friends—about such issues as metaphysics, free will, social philosophy, and the meaning of life. Other scenes do not even include the protagonist's presence, but rather, focus on a random isolated person, group of people, or couple engaging in such topics from a disembodied perspective. Along the way, the film touches also upon existentialism, situationist politics, posthumanity, the film theory of André Bazin, and lucid dreaming, and makes references to various celebrated intellectual and literary figures by name. Gradually, the protagonist begins to realize that he is living out a perpetual dream, broken up only by occasional false awakenings. So far he is mostly a passive onlooker, though this changes during a chat with a passing woman who suddenly approaches him. After she greets him and shares her creative ideas with him, he reminds himself that she is a figment of his own dreaming imagination. Afterwards, he starts to converse more openly with other dream characters, but he begins to despair about being trapped in a dream. The protagonist's final talk is with a character (played by Richard Linklater) whom he briefly encountered previously, earlier in the film. This last conversation reveals this other character's understanding that reality may be only a single instant that the individual interprets falsely as time (and, thus, life); that living is simply the individual's constant negation of God's invitation to become one with the universe; that dreams offer a glimpse into the infinite nature of reality; and that in order to be free from the illusion called life, the individual need only to accept God's invitation. The protagonist is last seen walking into a driveway when he suddenly begins to levitate, paralleling a scene at the start of the film of a floating child in the same driveway. The protagonist uncertainly reaches toward the car's handle, but is too swiftly lifted above the vehicle and over the trees. He rises into the endless blue expanse of the sky until he disappears from view.",waking life unnamed young living ethereal existence lacks transitions everyday events progresses toward existential crisis most film observes quietly participates actively philosophical discussions involving characters ranging quirky scholars artists everyday restaurant goers friends such issues metaphysics free social philosophy meaning life scenes do even include protagonist presence rather focus random isolated person group people or couple engaging such topics disembodied perspective along film touches upon existentialism situationist politics posthumanity film theory andr bazin lucid dreaming makes references various celebrated intellectual literary figures name gradually protagonist realize living perpetual dream broken occasional false awakenings far mostly passive onlooker though changes chat passing woman suddenly approaches greets shares creative ideas reminds figment dreaming imagination afterwards starts converse openly dream characters despair trapped dream protagonist final talk character played richard linklater whom briefly encountered previously earlier film last conversation reveals character understanding reality may single instant individual interprets falsely time thus life living simply individual constant negation god invitation become universe dreams offer glimpse infinite nature reality order free illusion called life individual need accept god invitation protagonist last seen walking driveway suddenly levitate paralleling scene start film floating child same driveway protagonist uncertainly reaches toward car handle too swiftly lifted above vehicle trees rises endless blue expanse sky until disappears view,animation,drama
"Charlie Thorpe (Billy Zane), a security systems expert, is caught during a robbery. When he get released from prison, a bank owner hires him to design a fool-proof system during the refurbishing of his bank. After he has completed the system, he begins getting blackmailed, to break his system.[1][2]",charlie thorpe billy zane security systems expert caught robbery released prison bank owner hires design fool proof system refurbishing bank completed system getting blackmailed break system,drama,crime
"The movie starts with the introduction of Father Alfred Kattuvilayil (Mukesh) who considers himself to be a very strict warden of a college boys hostel. His assistant Shaanthappan (Bijukuttan) always tries to show him the mischief of the students but always fails. Adhishta Lakshmi (Namitha Pramod) fights with her father (John Vijay) over her boyfriend and on the next day meets Bhanuprasad (Dhyan Sreenivasan) in the canteen of his college. Bhanu has lost his gold chain by lending it for his friend Harris (Bhagath Manuel). As he wanted money, Lakshmi offers the amount of rupees 20,000 for taking her to his hostel for some unknown reason on that night. That night Bhanu smuggles Lakshmi into the hostel, but by the time he tries to get her out, the way out was blocked. That night both stay in Bhanu's room. Not fully trusting Bhanu,Lakshmi ties Bhanu in his hostel room's study and sets alarm in his phone to be start at 3 AM. But both sleeps off as it is like a lullaby song and wake up only by eight, when Bhanu's friend Bruno (Aju Varghese) knocks his door. Bhanu skips college and tries to get her out. But the escape route was blocked by Father and Shanthappan. He tries to get her out through the Main entrance but to his horror, college was closed for strike as her father beaten an auto rickshaw driver because of him,dropped her in front of his hostel expecting that she (Adishta Lakshmi)escaped with his help. So the students came back to the hostel. Both stays in Bhanu's room for the whole day planning to escape from the terrace that night. When Bhanu goes to the terrace to check, he sees a number of students including his friends Bruno, Koshy (Vineeth Mohan) and Remo (Neeraj Madhav) boozing. They force him to drink and he forgets about Lakshmi locked in his room. When Shanthappan goes near Bhanu's room after sometime, he hears Lakshmi speaking in her sleep in Tamil. He thinks that it is a ghost and get the key from Bhanu's pocket and opens the door. Lakshmi kicks him and run out of the room, and Shanthappan is knocked out. Next day Bhanu wake up and Father is persuaded by Shanthappan to check Bhanu's room for the ghost. Bhanu opens the room reluctantly and is surprised not to see Lakshmi. He then finds out that his friends found out about Lakshmi and they together plans to get her out. Bhanu meets Lakshmi in Bruno's room. Lakshmi tells them the reason that she came in the hostel. She had a lover Premraj (Roshan Mathew)who was a Casanova, who was in the hostel, and after he broke up with her she wanted to take revenge. So she went to his room and slapped him. Friends while planning to get her out, is irritated by the behavior of Remo as he constantly tries to flirt with Lakshmi. That day night when they try to get her out from the terrace, Father and Shanthappan see her in white dress and both believes that there is a ghost. Then Bhanu makes a new plan: to make everyone believe that there is actually a ghost and he will summon her with Ouija board in the presence of Father. When Father do some magical rituals the Ghost (Lakshmi) will leave and that way she can get out of the hostel. They plan and does things so that other inmates believe that there is a ghost. But in reality, there was an actual ghost in the hostel who came when Bhanu used the Ouija board. But Lakshmi successfully gets out of the hostel as per the original plan, even though some super natural events occur. The ghost is shown still wandering through the hostel. In the credits, Lakshmi is in her house and Bhanu visits her with her bag which she had forgotten in his room. She asks him to leave but hears her fathers voice and asks him to wait till three in the morning. Bhanu now understands that he is trapped in her house just like how she was trapped in the hostel.",movie starts introduction alfred kattuvilayil mukesh considers very strict warden college boys hostel assistant shaanthappan bijukuttan always show mischief students always fails adhishta lakshmi namitha pramod fights john vijay boyfriend day meets bhanuprasad dhyan sreenivasan canteen college bhanu lost gold chain lending friend harris bhagath manuel wanted money lakshmi offers amount rupees taking hostel unknown reason night night bhanu smuggles lakshmi hostel time blocked night stay bhanu room fully trusting bhanu lakshmi ties bhanu hostel room study sets alarm phone start am sleeps like lullaby song wake eight bhanu friend bruno aju varghese knocks door bhanu skips college escape route blocked shanthappan main entrance horror college closed strike beaten auto rickshaw driver dropped front hostel expecting adishta lakshmi escaped students came hostel stays bhanu room whole day planning escape terrace night bhanu terrace check sees number students including friends bruno koshy vineeth mohan remo neeraj madhav boozing force drink forgets lakshmi locked room shanthappan near bhanu room sometime hears lakshmi speaking sleep tamil thinks ghost key bhanu pocket opens door lakshmi kicks run room shanthappan knocked day bhanu wake persuaded shanthappan check bhanu room ghost bhanu opens room reluctantly surprised see lakshmi friends found lakshmi together plans bhanu meets lakshmi bruno room lakshmi reason came hostel lover premraj roshan mathew casanova hostel broke wanted revenge went room slapped friends planning irritated behavior remo constantly flirt lakshmi day night try terrace shanthappan see white dress believes ghost bhanu makes plan everyone believe actually ghost summon ouija board presence do magical rituals ghost lakshmi leave hostel plan things inmates believe ghost reality actual ghost hostel came bhanu used ouija board lakshmi successfully hostel per original plan even though super natural events occur ghost shown wandering hostel credits lakshmi bhanu visits bag forgotten room leave hears fathers voice wait till three morning bhanu understands trapped like how trapped hostel,comedy,romance
"An incompetent rat-catcher leaves behind some of the poison he has used to eradicate rats from a small bakery, and the husband-and-wife bakery team inadvertently bake poison into a batch of bread. When they realize what they have done they try to retrieve the contaminated bread they have sold before anyone eats it.",incompetent rat catcher leaves behind poison used eradicate rats small bakery husband wife bakery team inadvertently bake poison batch bread realize done try retrieve contaminated bread sold anyone eats,drama,comedy
"The story focuses on Dr Plonk, a scientist and inventor who, in 1907, determines that the world will end in 101 years. However, he is ridiculed for his beliefs and so invents a time machine in order to collect evidence from the future to prove his case. But each visit he makes to 2007 only causes him more problems, and he eventually becomes a wanted man...",story focuses dr plonk scientist inventor determines world end years ridiculed beliefs invents time machine order collect evidence future prove case each visit makes causes problems wanted,comedy,drama
"In 1862 Siam, the King of Siam rules with traditional beliefs and refusal to change. With the arrival of Englishwoman Anna Leonowens and her son Louis, his Prime Minister, Kralahome, plots to have the King overthrown with deceit. At the same time, the Crown Prince Chulalongkorn falls in love with Tuptim, a servant given to the King as a gift from Burma, but their love must remain a secret as such is strictly forbidden.",siam king siam rules traditional beliefs refusal change arrival englishwoman anna leonowens son louis prime minister kralahome plots king overthrown deceit same time crown prince chulalongkorn falls love tuptim servant given king gift burma love must remain secret such strictly forbidden,animation,drama
"Minions are small, yellow creatures who have existed since the beginning of time, evolving from yellow single-celled organisms into beings which exist only to serve history's most despicable masters.[14] After rolling a Tyrannosaurus into a volcano, getting their caveman leader eaten by a cave bear, crushing a Pharaoh under the pyramids while his people survive, burning Count Dracula on his birthday party, and accidentally firing a cannon at Napoleon, the Minions are driven into isolation and start a new life in a massive cave in the Arctic. After many years, the Minions become depressed, restless, and unmotivated without a master to serve. To regain their dignity and sense of purpose, Kevin, one fearless Minion, decides to set out to find a new master and asks for help. Stuart, a musically inclined Minion, and Bob, a young and inexperienced but enthusiastic Minion, are recruited. The trio journey to New York, when the year is 1968. After spending the day attempting to blend in, the Minions end up in a department store for the night, where they discover a hidden commercial broadcast for villains advertising Villain-Con; a convention for villains and supervillains in Orlando. The trio hitchhikes a ride with the Nelson family and impress them with their accidental villainy. At the convention, they see Scarlet Overkill, the first female supervillain, who hires them and takes them to her home in England. Scarlet explains the plan to steal the Imperial State Crown from the Queen of England and promises to reward the Minions if they steal it but kill them if they do not. Her husband, Herb, supplies them with inventions to aid in the heist, but they are nearly caught when they break into the Tower of London, which leads to a chase that ends with Bob crashing into the Sword in the Stone and pulling it free, removing the Queen from the throne and becoming King Bob. Enraged, Scarlet confronts the Minions, so Bob abdicates the throne in her favor. Undeterred because she feels betrayed, Scarlet imprisons the three in a dungeon to be tortured by Herb before her coronation, but they escape with the intention to apologize to Scarlet. Making their way to Westminster Abbey, the three of them interrupt the coronation by accidentally dropping a chandelier on Scarlet, who orders their execution. Dozens of villains chase them; Bob and Stuart are caught, while Kevin finds his way into a pub. He sees Scarlet on a television, promising that she will kill Stuart and Bob if Kevin does not show up by dawn. Kevin sneaks into Scarlet's castle to steal weapons but inadvertently triggers a machine Herb was building and enlarges himself. He tramples through London, rescuing his friends just as the other Minions reunite with them. Scarlet tries to eradicate them, but Kevin swallows a massive missile she fires at them. Scarlet and Herb attempt to escape with her rocket-dress, but Kevin holds onto it. The missile detonates, causing it to explode. After the Minions briefly mourn him, Kevin returns, having returned to his normal size. The original Queen from the earlier part of the story receives her place on the throne and crown back and rewards Bob with a tiny crown for his teddy bear and Stuart an electric guitar, and she knights Kevin for his heroism. She suddenly realizes that her crown is missing, and Kevin leads a chase after Scarlet and Herb, who survived the explosion and are fleeing through the crowd with the bejeweled crown until they are suddenly frozen in place by a young Gru, who steals the crown from them and takes off in a rocket-powered motorbike while the Minions stare in awe. Bob gives his crown to the frozen Scarlet, and the Minions see Gru as their new potential master and give chase to follow him home.",minions small yellow creatures existed since beginning time evolving yellow single celled organisms beings exist serve history most despicable masters rolling tyrannosaurus volcano getting caveman leader eaten cave bear crushing pharaoh under pyramids people survive burning count dracula birthday party accidentally firing cannon napoleon minions driven isolation start life massive cave arctic many years minions become depressed restless unmotivated without master serve regain dignity sense purpose kevin fearless minion decides set find master stuart musically inclined minion bob young inexperienced enthusiastic minion recruited trio journey york year spending day attempting blend minions end department store night discover hidden commercial broadcast villains advertising villain con convention villains supervillains orlando trio hitchhikes ride nelson family impress accidental villainy convention see scarlet overkill female supervillain hires home england scarlet explains plan steal imperial state crown queen england promises reward minions steal kill do husband herb supplies inventions aid heist nearly caught break tower london leads chase ends bob crashing sword stone pulling free removing queen throne becoming king bob enraged scarlet confronts minions bob abdicates throne favor undeterred feels betrayed scarlet imprisons three dungeon tortured herb coronation escape intention apologize scarlet making westminster abbey three interrupt coronation accidentally dropping chandelier scarlet orders execution dozens villains chase bob stuart caught kevin pub sees scarlet television promising kill stuart bob kevin show dawn kevin sneaks scarlet castle steal weapons inadvertently triggers machine herb building enlarges tramples london rescuing friends minions reunite scarlet eradicate kevin swallows massive missile fires scarlet herb attempt escape rocket dress kevin holds onto missile detonates causing explode minions briefly mourn kevin returns returned normal size original queen earlier part story receives place throne crown rewards bob tiny crown teddy bear stuart electric guitar knights kevin heroism suddenly realizes crown missing kevin leads chase scarlet herb survived explosion fleeing crowd bejeweled crown until suddenly frozen place young gru steals crown rocket powered motorbike minions stare awe bob gives crown frozen scarlet minions see gru potential master give chase follow home,comedy,animation
"Tae Gun-ho (Jung Jae-young) is the best debt collection agent in his firm, admired by his colleagues and dreaded by those he visits. He’s known for gathering his debts by any means necessary and keeps a cattle prod handy while on the job. Following a series of unexpected fainting spells, Tae is told by a doctor that he has liver cancer, and would need a transplant to have any chance of surviving beyond three months. So, Tae Gun-ho puts his professional skills to work, setting out to collect a different sort of debt by tracking down the recipients of organs donated by his late son. First among his sources for a liver is Cha Ha-yeon (Jeon Do-yeon), a beguiling fraudster with a long list of enemies.[4] Locating Cha turns out to be easy, since she’s about to be released from prison. The deal she proposes, however, which includes getting even with the sleazy crime boss who set her up, jeopardizes Tae’s future. He struggles desperately to keep Cha, and her liver, safe until the transplant — meanwhile Cha has other plans.[4]",tae gun ho jung jae young best debt collection agent firm admired colleagues dreaded those visits s known gathering debts any means necessary keeps cattle prod handy job following series unexpected fainting spells tae told doctor liver cancer would need transplant any chance surviving beyond three months tae gun ho puts professional skills work setting collect different sort debt tracking recipients organs donated late son among sources liver cha ha yeon jeon do yeon beguiling fraudster long list enemies locating cha turns easy since s released prison deal proposes includes getting even sleazy crime boss set jeopardizes tae s future struggles desperately keep cha liver safe until transplant cha plans,action,drama
"Mrinalini, an ageing actress, writes a suicide note. As a performer, the first lesson she had learnt was timing – the perfect moment for making an entrance or an exit on stage. On the stage of life, her entrance had been outside her control; but she wants to choose the moment of her exit at least. However, before taking the pills that will put her to sleep forever, she decides to destroy all her memorabilia – letters, photographs, newspaper cuttings, knick-knacks pertaining to the past – lest they fall into the hands of the press. She has been a victim of media attention all her life and wishes to be spared that at her death. As she looks through the old box that contains relics from her past, memories flood the night... Incidents that she had forgotten or had relinquished to the furthest corners of her mind now return to haunt her and, through these memories, an entire life is revealed – a life of loves lost and gained, friendships and betrayals, successes and failures, accidents and awards, agonies and ecstasies. Mrinalini relives her past, as night gradually turns to dawn. An azaan (Islamic call to prayer) starts up somewhere. Slowly early morning light fills the room. The moment has passed and the death she had wished for so intensely no longer seems a priority. Her German Shepherd comes and rubs its head on its mistress’s feet and squeaks to be let out. Mrinalini smiles, tears up the suicide note and takes her dog out for a walk. On the street, she meets morning walkers, old and young, joggers, a group of school children. A young man runs past her. He seems to be escaping from something. Mrinalini gets a glimpse, and a doubt crosses her mind - she seems to recognize him. He resembles her first boyfriend, from her college days. Maybe he's a thief, or some gangster. She doesn't know. Neither do we. And then, a gunshot rips through the air. Everyone on the street gets startled. Mrinalini stands still, shocked. The young man checks himself. He is safe. Only this time, she has taken the bullet on her back, and not the man who had resembled her first love. He runs off, as she - the one who had wanted to control her exit from the stage of the world, collapses on the ground...",mrinalini ageing actress writes suicide note performer lesson learnt timing perfect moment making entrance or exit stage stage life entrance outside control wants choose moment exit least taking pills put sleep forever decides destroy memorabilia letters photographs newspaper cuttings knick knacks pertaining past lest fall hands press victim media attention life wishes spared death looks old box contains relics past memories flood night incidents forgotten or relinquished furthest corners mind return haunt these memories entire life revealed life loves lost gained friendships betrayals successes failures accidents awards agonies ecstasies mrinalini relives past night gradually turns dawn azaan islamic call prayer starts somewhere slowly early morning light fills room moment passed death wished intensely longer seems priority german shepherd rubs head mistress s feet squeaks let mrinalini smiles tears suicide note dog walk street meets morning walkers old young joggers group school children young runs past seems escaping something mrinalini glimpse doubt crosses mind seems recognize resembles boyfriend college days maybe thief or gangster know neither do we gunshot rips air everyone street startled mrinalini stands shocked young checks safe time taken bullet resembled love runs wanted control exit stage world collapses ground,drama,horror
"Pug, a down-and-out hobo, is talked into pretending he is Cyclone Flynn, the boxing champion, and entering the ring for a fight. When the real Cyclone shows up, Pug ends up having to trade punches with him instead.",pug hobo talked pretending cyclone flynn boxing champion entering ring fight real cyclone shows pug ends trade punches instead,comedy,drama
"Michael Walsh, a husband and father, falls for a girl named Magenta. The difficulty is that Magenta is his wife's underaged sister. Magenta is persistent in pursuing Michael, though, and this provides the drama in the story.",michael walsh husband falls girl named magenta difficulty magenta wife underaged sister magenta persistent pursuing michael though provides drama story,drama,comedy
A mother and wife stricken with memory loss allows a dysfunctional family a second chance at harmony and happiness.,mother wife stricken memory loss allows dysfunctional family second chance harmony happiness,comedy,drama
"In 2009, the super-wealthy achieve immortality by hiring bonejackers, mercenaries equipped with time travel devices, to snatch people from the past, just prior to the moment of their deaths, for use as substitute bodies. Those who escape are known as freejacks and are considered less than human under the law. In this dystopian future, most people suffer from poor physical health as a result of rampant drug use and environmental pollution, making them unattractive as replacement bodies. Alex Furlong is a Formula One racer who is about to die in a spectacular 1991 crash when a time machine snatches him from the cockpit and into 21st century New York City, now a futuristic dystopia populated by scavengers and killers. When Furlong's captors are ambushed by a hit squad, Furlong escapes from Victor Vacendak, a hardened mercenary who has snatched him on behalf of the powerful McCandless Corporation. Alex's former fiancée Julie Redlund is now an executive at McCandless, handling high-stakes mineral negotiations with a rival Japanese firm. Alex spends much time escaping the clutches of Victor, a ruthless pursuer who nevertheless lives by a code of honor, and rekindling his relationship with Julie. Ian McCandless, Julie's boss, is revealed to have died and seeks to install his backed-up personality into Furlong's body. Besides evading Vacendak's army of mercenaries and McCandless police personnel, Alex and Julie also have to deal with fleeing from the private guards of McCandless' corporate X.O., Mark Michellete, who is gunning for McCandless' position. Alex finds he cannot trust his old friends from 1991, who are now eager to sell him out. Tired of running, Furlong pretends to take Julie hostage and negotiates with Michellete to arrange a meeting, counting on Michellete's not knowing about their past relationship; however, Michellete has seen the footage of Julie's grief after Alex's 1991 accident. After she slaps him in return for his mockery, the couple flees. They are thwarted when they encounter a gunfight in the lobby between two factions, now in opposition: McCandless's security guards and Vacendak's mercenaries. Despite Julie's plan to leave the building through an escape module on the hundredth floor, the elevator takes them automatically to the complex at the very top of the building where McCandless' mind is in storage. In a virtual reality encounter with McCandless's essence, he explains his goal: to use Alex's body to satiate his love for Julie. Apologizing, he offers to die and let Alex run the company under the guise of being McCandless. As they consider the offer, Vacendak arrives, and McCandless reveals he was merely stalling for time. Alex fights the process as Michellette stumbles in, wounded from fighting Vacendak's soldiers. In the confusion, Julie grabs the gun of the soldier holding her and fires off a shot that disrupts the transfer process. The results are inconclusive as to whether or not it is McCandless or Furlong in Alex's body now. The scientists cannot determine the answer, but Vacendak can, as only Vacendak knows a secret code McCandless gave him. Alex reads the code, slowly, and Vacendak asks him to continue. Alex finishes the code quickly. Michellete tries to kill Alex but is gunned down by Vancendak's men. Alex remarks about how he feels in his new body, before telling Julie that she will be dressed more appropriately so that the two of them can take a drive. Hours later, after the coup is over, Julie and Alex get into one of McCandless' favorite vehicles; Alex tells the driver that he will do the driving today. Vacendak stops them as the car leaves the estate. It turns out that the transfer was not complete after all; Furlong got McCandless' secret number wrong, though Vacendak went along with it. He simply waited until Furlong made a mistake: McCandless did not know how to drive. Vacendak admonishes Julie that you'll have to coach him better than that, then leaves while Furlong and Julie speed away.",super wealthy achieve immortality hiring bonejackers mercenaries equipped time travel devices snatch people past prior moment deaths use substitute bodies those escape known freejacks considered less than human under law dystopian future most people suffer poor physical health result rampant drug use environmental pollution making unattractive replacement bodies alex furlong formula racer die spectacular crash time machine snatches cockpit st century york city futuristic dystopia populated scavengers killers furlong captors ambushed hit squad furlong escapes victor vacendak hardened mercenary snatched behalf powerful mccandless corporation alex former fianc e julie redlund executive mccandless handling high stakes mineral negotiations rival japanese firm alex spends much time escaping clutches victor ruthless pursuer nevertheless lives code honor rekindling relationship julie ian mccandless julie boss revealed died seeks install backed personality furlong body besides evading vacendak army mercenaries mccandless police personnel alex julie deal fleeing private guards mccandless corporate x o mark michellete gunning mccandless position alex cannot trust old friends eager sell tired running furlong pretends julie hostage negotiates michellete arrange meeting counting michellete knowing past relationship michellete seen footage julie grief alex accident slaps return mockery couple flees thwarted encounter gunfight lobby factions opposition mccandless security guards vacendak mercenaries despite julie plan leave building escape module hundredth floor elevator automatically complex very top building mccandless mind storage virtual reality encounter mccandless essence explains goal use alex body satiate love julie apologizing offers die let alex run company under guise mccandless consider offer vacendak arrives mccandless reveals merely stalling time alex fights process michellette stumbles wounded fighting vacendak soldiers confusion julie grabs gun soldier holding fires shot disrupts transfer process results inconclusive whether or mccandless or furlong alex body scientists cannot determine answer vacendak vacendak knows secret code mccandless gave alex reads code slowly vacendak continue alex finishes code quickly michellete kill alex gunned vancendak men alex remarks how feels body telling julie dressed appropriately drive hours coup julie alex mccandless favorite vehicles alex driver do driving today vacendak stops car leaves estate turns transfer complete furlong got mccandless secret number wrong though vacendak went along simply waited until furlong made mistake mccandless did know how drive vacendak admonishes julie you coach better than leaves furlong julie speed,sci-fi,action
"Paresh (Prosenjit Chatterjee), the protagonist in Swapner Din, cannot afford the luxury of reaching out for the unexplored. For him, travelling in an official jeep across the state is a matter of keeping alive, a business he is forced to do. He screens badly put together family planning films in villages that fall along his predetermined route, often meeting with unpleasant responses from his target audience. His faith in life is sustained by his love for his dream girl — a beautiful actress he saw crying away in a film five years ago and has been haunted by. He has never met her. She accompanies him on his daily sojourns through a sticker of her picture pasted on the projector box he carries along. Chapal (Rajesh Sharma), the proxy-driver Paresh is saddled with, carries a stolen passport that has his picture under a different name. His dream is to reach Dubai and land a cushy job to end what he thinks is an apology for living. The pregnant and pretty Amina (Rimi Sen) is running back to her homeland Bangladesh. Her husband, an illegal immigrant, was killed in the Gujarat riots. Her dream is to give birth to her child in her own country, as a legal citizen rooted to his land. Along the journey, the three share their food, their sleep and their dreams trying to help each other get that much closer to the fulfillment of their respective dreams. No one falls in love, no one attempts to molest Amina, not even the goons who take away the jeep at gun-point and leave them in the wilderness of nowhere, and no one comes to their rescue when their lives, along with their dreams, are threatened by the real danger of death.",paresh prosenjit chatterjee protagonist swapner din cannot afford luxury reaching unexplored travelling official jeep across state matter keeping alive business forced do screens badly put together family planning films villages fall along predetermined route often meeting unpleasant responses target audience faith life sustained love dream girl beautiful actress saw crying film five years ago haunted never met accompanies daily sojourns sticker picture pasted projector box carries along chapal rajesh sharma proxy driver paresh saddled carries stolen passport picture under different name dream reach dubai land cushy job end thinks apology living pregnant pretty amina rimi sen running homeland bangladesh husband illegal immigrant killed gujarat riots dream give birth child country legal citizen rooted land along journey three share food sleep dreams trying each much closer fulfillment respective dreams falls love attempts molest amina even goons jeep gun point leave wilderness nowhere rescue lives along dreams threatened real danger death,romance,drama
"James Dalton (Patrick Swayze) is a professional cooler (i.e., specialized doorman or bouncer) with a mysterious past who is enticed from his current job at a club in New York City by Frank Tilghman (Kevin Tighe) to take over security at his club/bar, the Double Deuce, in Jasper, Missouri. Tilghman plans to invest substantial money into the club to enhance its image and needs a first-rate cooler to maintain stability. Arriving in Jasper, Dalton eventually takes lodging at a local farm owned by Emmett (Sunshine Parker). He attracts attention driving his 1965 Buick Riviera and having a quiet demeanor—contrasting with the tough locals. Dalton's real car is a 1986 Mercedes 560SEC with New York license plates, which he keeps hidden (at a private garage and later under a car cover in his landlord's barn in Jasper) because it becomes a target for disgruntled bar patrons. Dalton is soon introduced to local business magnate (and next door neighbor) Brad Wesley (Ben Gazzara), who appears to have a stranglehold on the town; little happens without his knowledge and approval. In the course of cleaning up the violent nightclub, Dalton dismisses several unruly and corrupt employees, some of whom are connected with Wesley. After one particularly violent night where Dalton is forced to physically remove Wesley's henchmen, he suffers a knife wound. Going to the hospital for stitches, he strikes up a friendship with Dr. Elizabeth Doc Clay (Kelly Lynch), which develops into a romantic relationship. Wesley summons Dalton to his home in a seemingly innocent attempt to make peace, but has an ulterior motive: Wesley would like Dalton to work for him once he extorts Tilghman's club. He reveals knowledge of Dalton's past by mentioning an incident where Dalton killed a man in Memphis, Tennessee, then claimed self-defense at the trial. When Dalton declines, Wesley begins an assault on Dalton's friends, including interfering with liquor deliveries to the Double Deuce. Dalton's mentor, legendary but aging cooler Wade Garrett (Sam Elliott), arrives in town after a disconcerting phone call from Dalton and helps him defend a liquor shipment from Wesley's thugs. That evening, local business owner Red Webster's (Red West) auto parts store is destroyed by a fire after he refuses to give ground to Wesley's persistent extortion demands. Dalton, not wanting to exacerbate matters, allows Wesley and his men entrance to the club that night. However, Wesley deploys Jimmy (Marshall Teague), a violent ex-con and accomplished martial artist, to start a brawl with the Double Deuce bouncers. After a brief skirmish with Dalton, Wesley calls an end to the fight and leaves the club. The next day, car dealership owner Pete Stroudenmire becomes Wesley's next victim when he also refuses to pay. As a result, Wesley has one of his goons, Gary Ketchum (Anthony De Longis), demolish the dealership and crush four station wagons in the showroom with his monster truck (BIGFOOT #7) as Dalton and his friends look on with contempt. That night, Doc visits Dalton and attempts to persuade him to leave. However, their conversation is interrupted by a powerful explosion at Emmett's house next door. Dalton rescues Emmett from the blaze before his house is destroyed. He then witnesses Jimmy fleeing the scene and manages to intercept him. After a vicious fight, Dalton kills Jimmy by ripping out his throat with his bare hand. The next morning, Dalton receives an ominous phone call from Wesley, who vows to have either Wade or Doc killed. At that moment, a badly beaten Wade staggers into the Double Deuce. Believing Doc to be in danger, Dalton races to the hospital alone, but she refuses to leave with him, repulsed by his increasingly violent nature. Upon returning to the Double Deuce, Dalton finds Wade sprawled out on the bar with a knife lodged in his chest. In tears of rage, Dalton pulls the knife free and jumps into his car, determined to settle the score with Wesley. Driving his Mercedes, Dalton speeds recklessly toward Wesley's estate. The car draws gunfire from Wesley's henchmen, but when it crashes, they discover the car empty, and the knife that was used to kill Wade stuck in the accelerator. Using the distraction, Dalton sneaks onto the estate on foot and, one by one, dispatches each of Wesley's henchmen, eventually coming face-to-face with Wesley. Dalton gains the upper hand in their fight and prepares to finish Wesley in the same brutal manner as Jimmy, but decides against it. As Dalton releases him and walks off, Wesley seizes the opportunity to reach for a gun, but is promptly shot to death by Red, Emmett, Stroudenmire, and Tilghman. They stash the weapons away prior to the arrival of law enforcement and proceed, along with a surviving henchman, to corroborate each other's innocence, with the implication that what happened in Wesley's house will remain a secret. The final scene finds Dalton and Doc enjoying each other's company in a swimming hole, suggesting that they do get together and Dalton remains in town for good.",james dalton patrick swayze professional cooler i e specialized doorman or bouncer mysterious past enticed current job club york city frank tilghman kevin tighe security club bar double deuce jasper missouri tilghman plans invest substantial money club enhance image needs rate cooler maintain stability arriving jasper dalton lodging local farm owned emmett sunshine parker attracts attention driving buick riviera quiet demeanor contrasting tough locals dalton real car mercedes sec york license plates keeps hidden private garage under car cover landlord barn jasper target disgruntled bar patrons dalton introduced local business magnate door neighbor brad wesley ben gazzara appears stranglehold town little happens without knowledge approval course cleaning violent nightclub dalton dismisses several unruly corrupt employees whom connected wesley particularly violent night dalton forced physically remove wesley henchmen suffers knife wound going hospital stitches strikes friendship dr elizabeth doc clay kelly lynch develops romantic relationship wesley summons dalton home seemingly innocent attempt peace ulterior motive wesley would like dalton work once extorts tilghman club reveals knowledge dalton past mentioning incident dalton killed memphis tennessee claimed self defense trial dalton declines wesley assault dalton friends including interfering liquor deliveries double deuce dalton mentor legendary aging cooler wade garrett sam elliott arrives town disconcerting phone call dalton helps defend liquor shipment wesley thugs evening local business owner red webster red west auto parts store destroyed fire refuses give ground wesley persistent extortion demands dalton wanting exacerbate matters allows wesley men entrance club night wesley deploys jimmy marshall teague violent ex con accomplished martial artist start brawl double deuce bouncers brief skirmish dalton wesley calls end fight leaves club day car dealership owner pete stroudenmire wesley victim refuses pay result wesley goons gary ketchum anthony de longis demolish dealership crush four station wagons showroom monster truck bigfoot dalton friends look contempt night doc visits dalton attempts persuade leave conversation interrupted powerful explosion emmett door dalton rescues emmett blaze destroyed witnesses jimmy fleeing scene manages intercept vicious fight dalton kills jimmy ripping throat bare hand morning dalton receives ominous phone call wesley vows either wade or doc killed moment badly beaten wade staggers double deuce believing doc danger dalton races hospital alone refuses leave repulsed increasingly violent nature upon returning double deuce dalton wade sprawled bar knife lodged chest tears rage dalton pulls knife free jumps car determined settle score wesley driving mercedes dalton speeds recklessly toward wesley estate car draws gunfire wesley henchmen crashes discover car empty knife used kill wade stuck accelerator using distraction dalton sneaks onto estate foot dispatches each wesley henchmen coming face face wesley dalton gains upper hand fight prepares finish wesley same brutal manner jimmy decides against dalton releases walks wesley seizes opportunity reach gun promptly shot death red emmett stroudenmire tilghman stash weapons prior arrival law enforcement proceed along surviving henchman corroborate each innocence implication happened wesley remain secret final scene dalton doc enjoying each company swimming hole suggesting do together dalton remains town good,action,western
"In 2002, Ava, a 14-year-old girl from Bridgeport, Connecticut, is woken up in the middle of the night and sees her drug lord father murdered by two masked intruders, before grabbing a shotgun and gunning down the two assailants. Twelve years later, after a rough life and recovering from drug and alcohol addiction, Ava marries the affluent Derek Grant in Arlington, the two having met while attending Narcotics Anonymous gatherings. After the ceremony, the newlyweds fly off for their honeymoon to a Caribbean island where Derek's family owns a summer home. One evening, the couple befriends a young local named Manny who invites them to a nightclub, where Ava gets into a violent fight with several patrons following an encounter with local criminal Big Biz. The next morning, Manny invites Ava and Derek to ride El Viudador (The Widowmaker) a mile-long zip-line in the rainforest. Once there, Ava, who's afraid of heights, declines to go down the line, but Derek does, and his harness snaps while descending, making him fall to the ground. Ava finds him in the forest, unconscious and severely injured, but alive. Unable to ride in the ambulance with her husband, she eventually reaches the hospital, where staff deny that Derek was brought in. After realizing that none of the island's other clinics and medical facilities have admitted her husband, Ava goes to the police to declare him missing. Stranded in a foreign land, faced with inaction from the local authorities and suspicion from her father-in-law, Ava tries to piece together what happened and find her husband, whatever it takes.",ava year old girl bridgeport connecticut woken middle night sees drug lord murdered masked intruders grabbing shotgun gunning assailants twelve years rough life recovering drug alcohol addiction ava marries affluent derek grant arlington met attending narcotics anonymous gatherings ceremony newlyweds fly honeymoon caribbean island derek family owns summer home evening couple befriends young local named manny invites nightclub ava violent fight several patrons following encounter local criminal big biz morning manny invites ava derek ride el viudador widowmaker mile long zip line rainforest once ava afraid heights declines line derek harness snaps descending making fall ground ava forest unconscious severely injured alive unable ride ambulance husband reaches hospital staff deny derek brought realizing none island clinics medical facilities admitted husband ava police declare missing stranded foreign land faced inaction local authorities suspicion law ava piece together happened find husband whatever,action,drama
"Amarkant Varma (Shahrukh Khan) is a Program executive for All India Radio, dispatched from New Delhi to cover festivities in Assam. On his way there, during a rainy night, Amar stops at Haflong train station to catch Barak Valley Express, he tries to have a smoke, but he doesn't have any matches or a lighter. He starts asking a mysterious person. A strong gust of wind blows the shawl off the person, revealing it to be an enigmatic woman (Manisha Koirala). He finds her very attractive and tries to strike up a conversation, but she ignores him for a bit and then asks him for a cup of tea. When he returns with the tea, he sees her board the next train with three male passengers. Later, Amar spots the same woman in Silchar. He attempts to talk to her, but she says she cannot recall meeting him before. As part of his news reporting assignment, for the occasion of fifty years of Indian Independence, Amar interviews many citizens of Barak Valley, and an extremist chief (Gautam Bora ), who claim that the reason behind human rights violations and poverty in the region is due to the Indian Government, and that the Liberationists do not wish to enter into any dialogue with the government, and further justify their resistance in Utthar Purv. A few weeks later, Amar describes his encounter with the woman, over the radio, which she hears. He again spots her at a post office (It is later revealed that she is corresponding to her terrorist group in New Delhi, planning a suicide attack.) At this juncture, she tells him to leave her; but he follows her to the house and tells her that he is in love with her, but she resists and tells Amar that she is married. Amar wishes to apologise to her, but she arrives with two men (who Amar believes are her brothers) who beat him unconscious. During the beating, Amar learns that the men are presumably her brothers and that she had lied about her being married. He reaches her home, and learns from the locals that she has left the place. Amar then goes to the post office where he initially spotted her and bribes the PCO owner into giving him her contact details, and learns that she is telephoning to Ladakh. Subsequently, Amar travels to Leh, and while recording the Sindhu Darshan Festival, a suicide bomber is chased to death by the military, and Amar spots the woman again. (It is later revealed that the woman is associated with him). The woman boards the bus, and while Amar claims to the military, that he is here reporting on the festival, the woman uses Amar to her advantage, purporting in front of the military personnel that she is with her husband. The bus takes off. After some travel, the bus breaks down and the passengers are required to walk to the nearby village. En route Amar forces the woman to reveal her name: Meghna (Manisha Koirala). The two end up travelling together and recuperate. Next day, Amar wakes to find Meghna gone (It is later revealed that Meghna is part of a Liberationists group which plans multiple suicide attacks in New Delhi at the upcoming Republic Day celebration). Amar returns to his home in Delhi, where his family has found in Preeti Nair (Preity Zinta) from Kerala, a potential bride for him. Amar agrees to marry Preeti because he does not hope to meet Meghna again. On his date with Preeti, Amar spots one of Meghna's associates, Kim, who banished him earlier. Amar chases him down to Connaught Place, where the man kills himself with cyanide, and the police relinquish the situation to the CBI. Much to Amar's surprise, Meghna is in Delhi with her group, and requests Amar to help her get an employment as an office assistant at Amar's All India Radio office. (It is later revealed that Meghna actually arrives to Delhi along with her terrorist group and stays in Amar's residence to escape from the CBI inquiry operation). Based on eyewitness claims of the Connaught Place incident, Amar is now a prime suspect of the CBI (Piyush Mishra). At this juncture Amar follows Meghna and questions her motives, and she reveals to Amar, that her name is actually Moina, and as a child, she had been a rape victim of the army and seeks liberation through her suicide attack on the Indian army and the President of India during the Republic Day. Now the CBI convinces the Army general of India to grant permission to conduct security checks of all the Army convoys and tankers participating in the parade. Amar is again assaulted by Moina's associate (Aditya Srivastava) and the terrorists and as Amar fights back the terrorists receive a call from Moina on their mobile. Amar grabs the mobile and pleads Moina to stop all this and marry him. Moina reveals that it is too late, and presumes Amar is being killed. But Amar returns home, only to find out from Preeti that Amar's mother is also being questioned and that Moina's location is at Sunder Nagar. The CBI also misconstrue that Amar is part of the terrorist group and arrest him. Amar claims to the CBI that he is not in cahoots with the terrorists, but in love with Moina and that he has interviewed one of the extremist leaders and wants to prevent them from perpetrating the attack. The CBI rejects Amar's claims and sedates him for further interrogation. The next day Moina is ready for the suicide attack. Amar escapes from the CBI and tries to hold Moina back. Amar expresses his love and desire to be with her, embraces her and pleads her to live with him. As they embrace, the explosive vest worn by Moina explodes, killing them both.",amarkant varma shahrukh khan program executive india radio dispatched delhi cover festivities assam rainy night amar stops haflong train station catch barak valley express smoke any matches or lighter starts asking mysterious person strong gust wind blows shawl person revealing enigmatic woman manisha koirala very attractive strike conversation ignores bit cup tea returns tea sees board train three male passengers amar spots same woman silchar attempts talk says cannot recall meeting part news reporting assignment occasion fifty years indian independence amar interviews many citizens barak valley extremist chief gautam bora claim reason behind human rights violations poverty region due indian government liberationists do wish enter any dialogue government further justify resistance utthar purv few weeks amar describes encounter woman radio hears spots post office revealed corresponding terrorist group delhi planning suicide attack juncture leave follows love resists amar married amar wishes apologise arrives men amar believes brothers beat unconscious beating amar learns men presumably brothers lied married reaches home learns locals left place amar post office initially spotted bribes pco owner giving contact details learns telephoning ladakh subsequently amar travels leh recording sindhu darshan festival suicide bomber chased death military amar spots woman revealed woman associated woman boards bus amar claims military here reporting festival woman uses amar advantage purporting front military personnel husband bus travel bus breaks passengers required walk nearby village en route amar forces woman reveal name meghna manisha koirala end travelling together recuperate day amar wakes find meghna gone revealed meghna part liberationists group plans multiple suicide attacks delhi upcoming republic day celebration amar returns home delhi family found preeti nair preity zinta kerala potential bride amar agrees marry preeti hope meet meghna date preeti amar spots meghna associates kim banished earlier amar chases connaught place kills cyanide police relinquish situation cbi much amar surprise meghna delhi group requests amar employment office assistant amar india radio office revealed meghna actually arrives delhi along terrorist group stays amar residence escape cbi inquiry operation based eyewitness claims connaught place incident amar prime suspect cbi piyush mishra juncture amar follows meghna questions motives reveals amar name actually moina child rape victim army seeks liberation suicide attack indian army president india republic day cbi convinces army general india grant permission conduct security checks army convoys tankers participating parade amar assaulted moina associate aditya srivastava terrorists amar fights terrorists receive call moina mobile amar grabs mobile pleads moina stop marry moina reveals too late presumes amar killed amar returns home find preeti amar mother questioned moina location sunder nagar cbi misconstrue amar part terrorist group arrest amar claims cbi cahoots terrorists love moina interviewed extremist leaders wants prevent perpetrating attack cbi rejects amar claims sedates further interrogation day moina ready suicide attack amar escapes cbi hold moina amar expresses love desire embraces pleads live embrace explosive vest worn moina explodes killing,drama,action
"Soraya is a young trainee nurse who is starting to feel disaffected by her life. A chance introduction to the world of glamour piques her earlier ambition to be a star. She does not succeed at first, but she is told that the forbidden practice of susuk can help. She has to make a choice whether to stay the way she is, or cross the line. At first, susuk seems to give her confidence in her performance, and even to stand up to her abusive brother-in-law. Meanwhile, Suzana is a prominent diva with an air of mystery. She has long been a practitioner of the black arts due to her use of the extreme susuk keramat. Every time she violates a taboo, a human life is required - first in the form of accidental deaths of her loved ones, then by outright murder and cannibalism. She develops inhuman, supernatural abilities. At the same time, she yearns for her more innocent days and hires a young assistant who reminds her of happier times. A mysterious and powerful dukun guides the two women down their paths to corruption. The viewers follow the lives of these two women until their stories converge in the true secret of this dreaded charm.",soraya young trainee nurse starting feel disaffected life chance introduction world glamour piques earlier ambition star succeed told forbidden practice susuk choice whether stay or cross line susuk seems give confidence performance even stand abusive brother law suzana prominent diva air mystery long practitioner black arts due use extreme susuk keramat every time violates taboo human life required form accidental deaths loved ones outright murder cannibalism develops inhuman supernatural abilities same time yearns innocent days hires young assistant reminds happier times mysterious powerful dukun guides women paths corruption viewers follow lives these women until stories converge true secret dreaded charm,horror,drama
"After the death of her husband, Beth with her toddler son Lowen escape to a remote family beach house. There, Beth copes with her grief and the new struggles of single parenting by losing herself in her art, the process of paper marbling. Lowen also seems to be affected by the loss and frequently acts out in tantrums which causes Beth to further detach from him. After a series of hazardous mishaps in the new environment, the two begin to rebuild their bond. But a strange neighbor named Joseph seems intent on breaking up the two. And as a result of his meddling, Beth descends further into grief. In a rash act, she abandons Lowen by attempting to drown herself in the sea. Lowen finds himself alone, forced to fend for himself and save his mother from the ghoulish residents of the beach.",death husband beth toddler son lowen escape remote family beach beth copes grief struggles single parenting losing herself art process paper marbling lowen seems affected loss frequently acts tantrums causes beth further detach series hazardous mishaps environment begin rebuild bond strange neighbor named joseph seems intent breaking result meddling beth descends further grief rash act abandons lowen attempting drown herself sea lowen alone forced fend save mother ghoulish residents beach,horror,drama
"The story opens in Los Angeles with Dillon (Val Kilmer) who receives a phone call from Ray Burns (Mick Rossi) who has just been shot and desperately needs help. Dillon is a cleaner for a gangster named Eddie (Gabriel Byrne) and has been sent to assist Ray should he require it. After a colorful opening title sequence which follows Dillon's drive to the house, he finds Ray almost bleeding to death on a sofa. Removing all of the evidence, Dillon leaves carrying Ray to his car but not before he torches the house, destroying any evidence of Ray's presence. As Dillon and Ray drive away, Dillon struggles to keep Ray conscious and relates to him a story of a humorous encounter with a Mexican auto mechanic, which coins one of the catchphrases of the film: I'm not gonna taco. The story then flashes back to eight years earlier and introduces Riley (Patrick Bergin) as he admires some artwork in a London gallery. He receives a call on his cell phone from the crooked Detective Brice (Vinnie Jones), who informs Riley that there is a shipment of heroin coming in, and that he wants Riley to get a team together and steal it for him. Riley agrees to the job and tells Brice that he has just the man to do it, a petty thief named Ray Burns. Riley gives a menacing stare to the gallery attendant (Caspar von Winterfeldt) in one of the films funnier moments before leaving to meet with Ray. After they discuss the details of the job at hand, Ray agrees to do the job and meets up with his team, which consists of Nathan (Sean Power) and Terry Rawlings (Trevor Nugent) son of infamous moblord Jack Rawlings (Roy Dotrice) and Terry's girlfriend, Cindy (Patsy Kensit). Together they begin plotting the heist: Nathan will go up to the roof and act as lookout while Ray and Terry break into the warehouse to steal the heroin. Unfortunately, during the heist, Nathan loses his footing and tumbles to his death, falling through a skylight and triggering an alarm, alerting the guards. Ray and Terry manage to escape with the drugs, but lose contact with each other. Shortly thereafter, Brice calls Riley to inform him that the heist went terribly wrong, and that Nathan is dead. To cover his own tracks, he tells Riley to find a scapegoat, and Riley immediately names Ray. Meanwhile, Ray, who has gone into hiding, tries to call Terry but doesn't get an answer. He turns to Riley to find out what happened. Riley tells Ray that Nathan is dead and that Scotland Yard is looking for him, omitting the fact that Terry has handed over the drugs and that Brice is behind the whole heist. Ray decides he needs to disappear for a while and attempts to go underground, but before he can do so the police pick him up on an anonymous tip from Brice. Ray is convicted for the robbery and the manslaughter of Nathan, and is subsequently sentenced to eight years in prison. Ray serves his time, but has no contact with the outside world, denying even his closest lover and girlfriend Maggie (Joanne Whalley) a visit. He also learns by reading the paper that Terry has died of a drug overdose. Saddened by the news, Ray vows to get revenge on Brice and Riley as soon as he is free. While Ray is serving time, Riley and Brice continue their crooked ways, and Brice informs Riley that he has an incriminating video tape of London Charlie (Steve Jones) that could be worth some cash. He dispatches Riley to Los Angeles to blackmail London Charlie. Riley arrives in Los Angeles along with his girlfriend Samantha Fay (Sile Bermingham) in order to pick up the cash from Brice. Meanwhile, Ray is released from prison and contacted by London Charlie, who realizes that the only way he can escape his dilemma is to have Riley terminated. He knows Ray is out to avenge his time in prison and so pays him $100,000 to come to Los Angeles. Brice, aware of Ray's release and suspicious that he may be up to something, instructs an underling, Danny, (Andy Nyman) to keep an eye on him and find out what he can about his plans. Danny confronts Ray in a busy London street and brings the situation to a head when he makes a comment about Ray's former girlfriend Maggie, whom Ray has not seen since he went to prison. Ray angrily headbutts Danny, telling him to leave him alone. Danny reports this back to Brice, who still believes Ray is up to something. Ray is soon contacted by Jack Rawlings, Terry's father, who beckons him to come and visit. The two have a long talk about Terry and Ray tells Jack how sorry he is for Terry's death. Jack feigns compassion and tells Ray that he wants him to go after the guy who set them up, namely Riley, and gives him a contact in Los Angeles, Eddie, who can help him with the job. Ray is to pick up $100,000 at Jack's club from Big Frankie (Adam Fogerty) and then get on a plane to Los Angeles to hunt Riley down. Upon arrival, Ray immediately goes to London Charlie's house (which is revealed to be the one seen in the beginning of the film) to meet with him. Ray is told that there is $100,000 in a bag that he is to take to Riley and use to recover the tape. Once he has the tape, Ray is to kill Riley and bring the tape back to London Charlie. Ray leaves and begins to cover his tracks by checking into two separate motels. He then makes a call to Eddie to pick up a car for use in Los Angeles. That night he picks up the car and meets Eddie, who is waiting for him in the back seat. Eddie tells him there is a pistol in the glove box and that he doesn't want to get involved in any of the nasty business. Ray acknowledges the request and takes off into the night. The next day, Riley is waiting to meet with London Charlie. He is surprised by Ray, who shows up at his door carrying a bag of cash. Ray has hidden the pistol outside of the apartment and so is clean when he is frisked by Riley. The two have a heated discussion about what happened eight years ago and Riley makes light of Terry's death, much to Ray's chagrin. Ray gives the bag of cash to Riley, who angrily informs him that the amount is only half of what he and London Charlie had agreed to, and ordering him to get him the rest if he wants the tape. Ray exits the apartment, retrieves his pistol, then goes back inside and demands the tape from Riley at gunpoint. Riley refuses, and Ray shoots him once in the chest, then once in the back of the head, killing him. Ray searches the apartment for the tape, but only finds a key to a room at a nearby hotel. Ray returns to his first hotel to wash Riley's blood off of himself before he goes to check out the other hotel. Meanwhile, police are investigating the shooting death at Riley's apartment. Detective Allen (Bruno Kirby) arrives on the crime scene and discovers that there is a link to a nearby hotel—the same hotel Ray is also heading to. Detective Bartow (Mark Siciliani) and Officer Chris Anders (Aaron Gallagher) are dispatched to investigate. At the hotel they find Samantha Fay, who is startled by their appearance. When the officers inform her that there has been an incident and they need to take her to the station to answer some questions, she reluctantly agrees. Officer Anders escorts her out, leaving Detective Bartow to search the room. Ray arrives as they are leaving, running into Bartow as he attempts to enter the room. Ray attempts to keep his cool, especially when Bartow tells him he is a police officer. He questions Ray as to how he knew Riley, and Ray innocently says they recently met and that they had arranged to grab a drink. Bartow is suspicious and asks Ray if he would have any objections to coming down to the station for some questioning. Ray has no choice but to agree, and they leave together. At the station, Ray and Samantha are questioned for hours and hours by Detective Allen and Detective Drummond (Anthony LaPaglia). The situation is tense, and they both have a tough time keeping calm. Eventually they are both let go, but not before Samantha is told that Riley is dead. Both leave the station within a couple of hours of each other and head in different directions, Ray to pick up his things at the second motel, and Samantha to pick up the tape and a gun which Riley had left in a safety deposit box earlier that day. Samantha then heads to London Charlie's house to square things away with him and avenge Riley's death. She shoots London Charlie dead in his pool just as Ray arrives to say goodbye. Ray and Samantha have a Mexican stand-off. The now-useless tape is thrown into the pool, and Samantha slowly backs out of the house, leaving Ray to sort out the mess. As Ray sits to contemplate his next move, he doesn't notice Samantha sneaking back inside, who shoots Ray in the back. Samantha leaves and Ray is left in a pool of blood, but still alive. The scene from the film's opening replays as Ray picks up the phone to call Eddie and reaches Dillon, who comes to clean up his mess. Dillon finally gets Ray to a secure location, and Ray pays him off so that he can return to London, where he recuperates for several days in the care of Maggie. Ray thinks quickly about what he should do when he receives a phone call from Eddie, telling him that Jack Rawlings wants to see him on the rooftop of a car-park in Chinatown later that evening. After Eddie hangs up, he anonymously calls Brice and tells him about the meeting. Brice is confused, but eager to settle the score with Ray. He calls Danny to tell him that he should follow Ray to the meeting and kill him. While Danny circles the streets of London in an attempt to find Ray, he stumbles on Maggie and follows her back to her flat. Ray, meanwhile, is visiting with Cindy, whom he had rescued from the streets prior to his departure to Los Angeles and had given shelter to while she attempted to recover from her drug habit. Danny forces his way into Maggie's apartment and, after roughing her up, takes Ray's remaining money and returns to his place. When Ray returns, he grabs Maggie and they head over to Danny's flat. Ray breaks in and finds Nikki (Meredith Ostrom) clutching the bag of money and Danny jamming on drugs. Ray also hears a recording on Danny's answering machine of Brice telling Danny to kill him. Ray kills Danny, then takes the tapes from the answering machine and the bag of money. He and Maggie then leave to head to the rendezvous in Chinatown. Brice arrives at Danny's place a little later after Nikki has called the police, and finds Danny dead. Brice also notices that the tapes from the machine are missing and now has no choice but to show up on the car park rooftop for the inevitable showdown.",story opens los angeles dillon val kilmer receives phone call ray burns mick rossi shot desperately needs dillon cleaner gangster named eddie gabriel byrne sent assist ray should require colorful opening title sequence follows dillon drive ray almost bleeding death sofa removing evidence dillon leaves carrying ray car torches destroying any evidence ray presence dillon ray drive dillon struggles keep ray conscious relates story humorous encounter mexican auto mechanic coins catchphrases film i am gonna taco story flashes eight years earlier introduces riley patrick bergin admires artwork london gallery receives call cell phone crooked detective brice vinnie jones informs riley shipment heroin coming wants riley team together steal riley agrees job brice do petty thief named ray burns riley gives menacing stare gallery attendant caspar von winterfeldt films funnier moments leaving meet ray discuss details job hand ray agrees do job meets team consists nathan sean power terry rawlings trevor nugent son infamous moblord jack rawlings roy dotrice terry girlfriend cindy patsy kensit together begin plotting heist nathan roof act lookout ray terry break warehouse steal heroin unfortunately heist nathan loses footing tumbles death falling skylight triggering alarm alerting guards ray terry manage escape drugs lose contact each shortly thereafter brice calls riley inform heist went terribly wrong nathan dead cover tracks riley find scapegoat riley immediately names ray ray gone hiding call terry answer turns riley find happened riley ray nathan dead scotland yard looking omitting fact terry handed drugs brice behind whole heist ray decides needs disappear attempts underground do police pick anonymous tip brice ray convicted robbery manslaughter nathan subsequently sentenced eight years prison ray serves time contact outside world denying even closest lover girlfriend maggie joanne whalley visit learns reading paper terry died drug overdose saddened news ray vows revenge brice riley free ray serving time riley brice continue crooked ways brice informs riley incriminating video tape london charlie steve jones could worth cash dispatches riley los angeles blackmail london charlie riley arrives los angeles along girlfriend samantha fay sile bermingham order pick cash brice ray released prison contacted london charlie realizes escape dilemma riley terminated knows ray avenge time prison pays los angeles brice aware ray release suspicious may something instructs underling danny andy nyman keep eye find plans danny confronts ray busy london street brings situation head makes comment ray former girlfriend maggie whom ray seen since went prison ray angrily headbutts danny telling leave alone danny reports brice believes ray something ray contacted jack rawlings terry beckons visit long talk terry ray jack how sorry terry death jack feigns compassion ray wants guy set namely riley gives contact los angeles eddie job ray pick jack club big frankie adam fogerty plane los angeles hunt riley upon arrival ray immediately london charlie revealed seen beginning film meet ray told bag riley use recover tape once tape ray kill riley bring tape london charlie ray leaves cover tracks checking separate motels makes call eddie pick car use los angeles night picks car meets eddie waiting seat eddie pistol glove box want involved any nasty business ray acknowledges request night day riley waiting meet london charlie surprised ray shows door carrying bag cash ray hidden pistol outside apartment clean frisked riley heated discussion happened eight years ago riley makes light terry death much ray chagrin ray gives bag cash riley angrily informs amount half london charlie agreed ordering rest wants tape ray exits apartment retrieves pistol inside demands tape riley gunpoint riley refuses ray shoots once chest once head killing ray searches apartment tape key room nearby hotel ray returns hotel wash riley blood check hotel police investigating shooting death riley apartment detective allen bruno kirby arrives crime scene discovers link nearby hotel same hotel ray heading detective bartow mark siciliani officer chris anders aaron gallagher dispatched investigate hotel find samantha fay startled appearance officers inform incident need station answer questions reluctantly agrees officer anders escorts leaving detective bartow search room ray arrives leaving running bartow attempts enter room ray attempts keep cool especially bartow police officer questions ray how knew riley ray innocently says recently met arranged grab drink bartow suspicious ray would any objections coming station questioning ray choice agree leave together station ray samantha questioned hours hours detective allen detective drummond anthony lapaglia situation tense tough time keeping calm let samantha told riley dead leave station within couple hours each head different directions ray pick things second motel samantha pick tape gun riley left safety deposit box earlier day samantha heads london charlie square things avenge riley death shoots london charlie dead pool ray arrives say goodbye ray samantha mexican stand useless tape thrown pool samantha slowly backs leaving ray sort mess ray sits contemplate move notice samantha sneaking inside shoots ray samantha leaves ray left pool blood alive scene film opening replays ray picks phone call eddie reaches dillon clean mess dillon finally ray secure location ray pays return london recuperates several days care maggie ray thinks quickly should do receives phone call eddie telling jack rawlings wants see rooftop car park chinatown evening eddie hangs anonymously calls brice meeting brice confused eager settle score ray calls danny tell should follow ray meeting kill danny circles streets london attempt find ray stumbles maggie follows flat ray visiting cindy whom rescued streets prior departure los angeles given shelter attempted recover drug habit danny forces maggie apartment roughing ray remaining money returns place ray returns grabs maggie head danny flat ray breaks nikki meredith ostrom clutching bag money danny jamming drugs ray hears recording danny answering machine brice telling danny kill ray kills danny tapes answering machine bag money maggie leave head rendezvous chinatown brice arrives danny place little nikki called police danny dead brice notices tapes machine missing choice show car park rooftop inevitable showdown,crime,horror
"Jugal Hansraj is a poor boy raised by his uncle Paresh Rawal. Urmila Matondkar is a rich girl raised by her widowed aunt Reema Lagoo. Urmila & Jugal fall in love, but her aunt opposes the marriage on knowing that Jugal is the son of the driver of Urmila's father, who also happened to be his murderer. Jugal's uncle confirms that his real father was indeed in prison, but he was killed on release by a speeding truck. Jugal's dreams are shattered. Suddenly, someone starts killing Urmila's father's business partners. Suspicion points towards Jugal. The murder cases are assigned to a weird Police Inspector Gulshan Grover. After realizing that killer is some third person nobody knows about, the Inspector arranges a trap for him. It is found that the killer is Jugal's supposedly dead father. He tells everybody that the real killers were Urmila's father's business partners who were afraid that her father would expose their frauds. They framed Jugal's father who tried to remove the knife out of his masters body. Before the Inspector can arrest him, Jugal's father finds the last partner in the hospital and kills him. Jugal's father surrenders to the police and the film ends.",jugal hansraj poor boy raised uncle paresh rawal urmila matondkar rich girl raised widowed aunt reema lagoo urmila jugal fall love aunt opposes marriage knowing jugal son driver urmila happened murderer jugal uncle confirms real indeed prison killed release speeding truck jugal dreams shattered suddenly someone starts killing urmila business partners suspicion points towards jugal murder cases assigned weird police inspector gulshan grover realizing killer third person nobody knows inspector arranges trap found killer jugal supposedly dead everybody real killers were urmila business partners were afraid would expose frauds framed jugal tried remove knife masters body inspector arrest jugal last partner hospital kills jugal surrenders police film ends,romance,crime
"Dr. Edward Pretorius (Ted Sorel) is a scientist who has developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. His assistant, Dr. Crawford Tillinghast (Jeffrey Combs), activates the machine and soon sees strange creatures in the air. When he is bitten by one of them, he urges Pretorius to turn the machine off. However, the crazed Pretorius refuses. Events transpire to the point where Crawford panics, fleeing outside. When the police arrive, they find Pretorius decapitated. Crawford is subsequently arrested and accused of murder. Crawford is committed to a psychiatric ward, where he is treated by Dr. Katherine McMichaels (Barbara Crampton). After Crawford gives his account of Pretorius' death, Katherine orders that Crawford undergo a CAT scan, showing that Crawford's pineal gland is enlarged and growing. Convinced of Crawford's innocence, Katherine has him released to her custody, and plans on taking him back to Pretorius' house and the Resonator. They are accompanied by Detective Bubba Brownlee (Ken Foree), who investigated Pretorius' death. Upon returning to the house, Katherine and Crawford rebuild the Resonator. Crawford reactivates the machine, which causes more creatures to appear. A severely deformed Pretorius, still alive, appears in the attic and tells the trio of a world beyond that is more pleasurable than normal reality. A panicking Crawford shuts off the Resonator, making Pretorius and the creatures vanish. The next morning, Katherine insists that the Resonator could shed light on the victims of schizophrenia, as well as possible treatments and suggests that they turn the machine back on, but Bubba and Crawford disagree. While Bubba and Crawford are asleep, Katherine gets back up to feel the pleasure from the machine and turns it back on, bringing forth a worried Crawford and the now almost unrecognizable and mutated Pretorius. Bubba enters the scene as Pretorius grabs Katherine, preparing to eat her mind and take her to the world of beyond. Crawford and Bubba go down into the basement to shut off the power, but encounter a giant worm-monster. Bubba succeeds in shutting off the power, rescuing Crawford and Katherine and sending Pretorius away. When Bubba decides that they should leave the house, all of a sudden, Pretorius somehow returns and the Resonator turns back on, as all three of them run up into the attic to deactivate it. Katherine and Crawford are attacked by little bee-like creatures, and as Bubba pushes them out of the way, he is devoured to the bone. Crawford fights off Pretorius and succeeds in freeing Katherine, but then his enlarged pineal gland pops out of his forehead. Katherine short circuits the machine by spraying it repeatedly with a fire extinguisher. She then takes Crawford back to the hospital, where she is evaluated for insanity and schizophrenia, since her story was just like Crawford's. As Katherine is being prepared for shock treatment by a sadistic staff member, Crawford has developed an overwhelming hunger for human brains and kills Dr. Bloch (Carolyn Purdy-Gordon). Katherine escapes and drives back to the house with a bomb and a crazed Crawford following her. Katherine puts the bomb on the Resonator and goes to leave when Crawford attacks her. As he is about to eat her brain, she bites off his pineal gland, reverting him to his senses. However, Crawford is pulled away and eaten by a completely deformed, mutated Pretorius. Katherine finally escapes, right as the whole attic explodes. She lands on her legs, breaking one, and as the neighbors gather around her, she goes from sobbing to laughing hysterically as she tells them, It ATE him!.",dr edward pretorius ted sorel scientist developed resonator machine allows whoever within range see beyond normal perceptible reality assistant dr crawford tillinghast jeffrey combs activates machine sees strange creatures air bitten urges pretorius turn machine crazed pretorius refuses events transpire point crawford panics fleeing outside police arrive find pretorius decapitated crawford subsequently arrested accused murder crawford committed psychiatric ward treated dr katherine mcmichaels barbara crampton crawford gives account pretorius death katherine orders crawford undergo cat scan showing crawford pineal gland enlarged growing convinced crawford innocence katherine released custody plans taking pretorius resonator accompanied detective bubba brownlee ken foree investigated pretorius death upon returning katherine crawford rebuild resonator crawford reactivates machine causes creatures appear severely deformed pretorius alive appears attic trio world beyond pleasurable than normal reality panicking crawford shuts resonator making pretorius creatures vanish morning katherine insists resonator could shed light victims schizophrenia well possible treatments suggests turn machine bubba crawford disagree bubba crawford asleep katherine feel pleasure machine turns bringing forth worried crawford almost unrecognizable mutated pretorius bubba enters scene pretorius grabs katherine preparing eat mind world beyond crawford bubba basement shut power encounter giant worm monster bubba succeeds shutting power rescuing crawford katherine sending pretorius bubba decides should leave sudden pretorius somehow returns resonator turns three run attic deactivate katherine crawford attacked little bee like creatures bubba pushes devoured bone crawford fights pretorius succeeds freeing katherine enlarged pineal gland pops forehead katherine short circuits machine spraying repeatedly fire extinguisher crawford hospital evaluated insanity schizophrenia since story like crawford katherine prepared shock treatment sadistic staff member crawford developed overwhelming hunger human brains kills dr bloch carolyn purdy gordon katherine escapes drives bomb crazed crawford following katherine puts bomb resonator leave crawford attacks eat brain bites pineal gland reverting senses crawford pulled eaten completely deformed mutated pretorius katherine finally escapes right whole attic explodes lands legs breaking neighbors gather around sobbing laughing hysterically ate,sci-fi,horror
"The story takes place in an alternate history in 1948–49, in an imaginary alternative Tokyo which has taken a different history and in which World War II never happened. In this fictional capital Teito, aristocrats continue to thrive as they have since the 19th century. There is a wide gap between rich and the poor with aristocrats owning 90% of the wealth. The right-wing military industrial complex have in fact developed a Tesla-style energy beam with the ability to cause Tunguska-style devastation. However, in the city there are rumors about a mysterious thief, who only steals from the rich, a part Robin Hood, part Spider-Man, part the Shadow character with magical powers, Nicknamed K-20 (short for Kaijin Nijū-Mensō - the Phantom Thief with 20 faces. Endo Heikichi (Kaneshiro Takeshi) is a circus acrobat. One day, he is deceived by a mysterious old man, and arrested as K-20. In fact the old man turns out to be K-20 himself. Heikichi escapes from jail, and decides to hunt down the real K-20 to prove his innocence. Meanwhile, K-20 sets his eyes on a rich lady, Hashiba Yoko (Matsu Takako), whose fiancé is Akechi Kogoro (Nakamura Toru), who is a famous detective and once arrested Heikichi. Heikichi happens to help Yoko, who is chased by K-20. He somehow convinces Yoko and Kogoro that he is not the real K-20. He begins to fight against K-20 with Yoko and Kogoro, with his courageousness and incredible physical dexterity.",story place alternate history imaginary alternative tokyo taken different history world war ii never happened fictional capital teito aristocrats continue thrive since th century wide gap rich poor aristocrats owning wealth right wing military industrial complex fact developed tesla style energy beam ability cause tunguska style devastation city rumors mysterious thief steals rich part robin hood part spider part shadow character magical powers nicknamed k short kaijin nij mens phantom thief faces endo heikichi kaneshiro takeshi circus acrobat day deceived mysterious old arrested k fact old turns k heikichi escapes jail decides hunt real k prove innocence k sets eyes rich lady hashiba yoko matsu takako whose fianc akechi kogoro nakamura toru famous detective once arrested heikichi heikichi happens yoko chased k somehow convinces yoko kogoro real k fight against k yoko kogoro courageousness incredible physical dexterity,action,drama
"The Hong Kong Police Force holds a funeral for two superintendents killed during the previous film. Shortly after, the commissioner Sean Lau (Aaron Kwok) receives a call from one of the culprits behind the theft of the police van. He is told that his wife has been kidnapped and that he must release Joe Lee (Eddie Peng) for her to survive. Lau overrides standard procedure to transfer Joe out of prison, and is told by the kidnapper to bring Joe to the metro station. There, Joe is able to escape with the aid of several accomplices, one of whom sets off a bomb. The culprits leave Lau's wife alive at the station. Lau's actions are criticized by the media and by numerous politicians, leading to a public inquiry. Fearing that the police have been infiltrated, Lau privately requests Billy Cheung (Aarif Rahman), an ICAC agent, to form a separate squad independent of the police, so they can track down the culprits. Meanwhile, MB Lee (Tony Leung), a deputy police commissioner who is about to retire, who is also the father of Joe, is confronted by his fugitive son along with Peter Choi (Chang Kuo-chu), a former commissioner who is now manipulating politics behind the scenes. Choi is revealed as the mastermind behind the troubles of the previous film, and his current goal is to remove Lau, who is not a member of his ring, and to place his own followers into positions of power during the next election. Choi has formed a militant band consisting of former police officers who were expelled or faked their own deaths. He promises Lee not only the position of commissioner, but also of security secretary later on, upon which Lee gives into temptation. A legislator named Oswald Kan (Chow Yun-fat) is convinced by his old friend Lai (Waise Lee), the secretary of justice, to participate in the public inquiry into Lau, but is taken aback when Lee openly criticizes Lau, rather than defending him. Kan deduces that Lee is being controlled, and tells his pupils to investigate, one of whom, Bella Au (Janice Man), decides to secretly follow Lee, and later Choi whom Lee confers with. Realizing that they are being followed, Choi orders a subordinate to crash into Au's car, causing a chain collision in which Au is killed, and Choi's car is trapped. Lau arrives to investigate, and a shoot-out occurs, in which Joe is shot and severely injured by Lau, but Choi escapes. Kan finds a photograph taken by Au of Choi and Lee together. Lau's independent squad finds the location of Choi's remaining henchmen and the stolen police van. Lee, meanwhile, convinces or bribes several senior police officers to sign a petition for Lau's removal. In the final hours before Lau steps down, he launches a raid on the henchmen, and requests that Lee take command, noting that, since the henchmen are renegade police officers formerly under Lee, Lee would best know their strategies. Lee accepts, knowing that he cannot refuse without looking weak, but since he is secretly close friends with those henchmen, killing them taxes him emotionally. The operation is a success, with all suspects killed, and Kan and Lau report Lee's and Choi's crimes to the chief executive, who decides to grant amnesty to Lee and Choi, since they are too important to arrest without destabilizing society. Lee is forced into retirement, and Choi is permanently exiled from Hong Kong, but otherwise, their exact crimes are never disclosed to the public. Lau retains his office as commissioner, and Lee visits his son, who is in custody, and lying in a bed at the hospital.",hong kong police force holds funeral superintendents killed previous film shortly commissioner sean lau aaron kwok receives call culprits behind theft police van told wife kidnapped must release joe lee eddie peng survive lau overrides standard procedure transfer joe prison told kidnapper bring joe metro station joe able escape aid several accomplices whom sets bomb culprits leave lau wife alive station lau actions criticized media numerous politicians leading public inquiry fearing police infiltrated lau privately requests billy cheung aarif rahman icac agent form separate squad independent police track culprits mb lee tony leung deputy police commissioner retire joe confronted fugitive son along peter choi chang kuo chu former commissioner manipulating politics behind scenes choi revealed mastermind behind troubles previous film current goal remove lau member ring place followers positions power election choi formed militant band consisting former police officers were expelled or faked deaths promises lee position commissioner security secretary upon lee gives temptation legislator named oswald kan chow yun fat convinced old friend lai waise lee secretary justice participate public inquiry lau taken aback lee openly criticizes lau rather than defending kan deduces lee controlled pupils investigate whom bella au janice decides secretly follow lee choi whom lee confers realizing followed choi orders subordinate crash au car causing chain collision au killed choi car trapped lau arrives investigate shoot occurs joe shot severely injured lau choi escapes kan photograph taken au choi lee together lau independent squad location choi remaining henchmen stolen police van lee convinces or bribes several senior police officers sign petition lau removal final hours lau steps launches raid henchmen requests lee command noting since henchmen renegade police officers formerly under lee lee would best know strategies lee accepts knowing cannot refuse without looking weak since secretly close friends those henchmen killing taxes emotionally operation success suspects killed kan lau report lee choi crimes chief executive decides grant amnesty lee choi since too important arrest without destabilizing society lee forced retirement choi permanently exiled hong kong otherwise exact crimes never disclosed public lau retains office commissioner lee visits son custody lying bed hospital,crime,action
Darshan plays dual role in the movie. This film happens to be the first minor Kannada release of the year 2011. The film released in more than 140 centers in January 2011. Tamil actor Prabhu Ganesan plays the role of a CBI officer in the movie. [2],darshan plays dual role movie film happens minor kannada release year film released than centers january tamil actor prabhu ganesan plays role cbi officer movie,action,romance
"Three amateur thieves plot to kidnap the young son of wealthy Chettiar (Santhana Bharathi) from school. They do a trial run. However, on the eve of the kidnap, the guy whose job is to operate a crane in this plan is hospitalized. The services of Avinasi a.k.a. Mumbai Xpress (Kamal Haasan), brother of Kovai Sarala, a deaf stunt man performing daredevil bike acts, is roped in. Twists and turns take place where the other two gang members are hurt and invariably our Mumbai Xpress is left to perform the task all by himself. He kidnaps a wrong boy, Daddu (Hardhik), the illegitimate son of Ahalya (Manisha Koirala) and police officer Rao (Nassar), but manages to get a huge ransom from Chettiar by default. A brawl takes place between the original kidnap planners - Chidambaram (Pasupathy), Johnson (Vaiyapuri) and Avinasi - in handling Ahalya's child, but Avinasi delivers the child unhurt to his mother. He eavesdrops into her tele-con with Rao where Rao wants to settle both the ransom and sever his ties with her. Ahalya pleads and coaxes him to help her get the ransom which Rao is willing to pay. The child takes a fancy to Avinasi and wants him to be the man in their life, and gets him to agree (or else he would throw himself from a multi-storied building). Ahalaya wants either Rao's or Chettiar's money which Avinasi is holding, whereas Avinasi is in love and wants to be that protective person. Rao appoints Chettiar to handle the ransom and what follows is a series of mix-ups.",three amateur thieves plot kidnap young son wealthy chettiar santhana bharathi school do trial run eve kidnap guy whose job operate crane plan hospitalized services avinasi k mumbai xpress kamal haasan brother kovai sarala deaf stunt performing daredevil bike acts roped twists turns place gang members hurt invariably our mumbai xpress left perform task kidnaps wrong boy daddu hardhik illegitimate son ahalya manisha koirala police officer rao nassar manages huge ransom chettiar default brawl place original kidnap planners chidambaram pasupathy johnson vaiyapuri avinasi handling ahalya child avinasi delivers child unhurt mother eavesdrops tele con rao rao wants settle ransom sever ties ahalya pleads coaxes ransom rao willing pay child fancy avinasi wants life agree or else would throw multi storied building ahalaya wants either rao or chettiar money avinasi holding whereas avinasi love wants protective person rao appoints chettiar handle ransom follows series mix ups,comedy,action
"The film's content is derived from three previously released animated featurettes Disney produced based upon the Winnie-the-Pooh books by A. A. Milne: Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree (1966), Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day (1968), and Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too (1974). Extra material was used to link the three featurettes together to allow the stories to merge into each other. A fourth, shorter featurette was added to bring the film to a close. The sequence was based on the final chapter of The House at Pooh Corner, where Christopher Robin must leave the Hundred Acre Wood behind as he is starting school. In it, Christopher Robin and Pooh discuss what they liked doing together and the boy asks his bear to promise to remember him and to keep some of the memories of their time together alive. Pooh agrees to do so, and the film closes with The Narrator saying that wherever Christopher Robin goes, Pooh will always be waiting for him whenever he returns.",film content derived three previously released animated featurettes disney produced based upon winnie pooh books milne winnie pooh honey tree winnie pooh blustery day winnie pooh tigger too extra material used link three featurettes together allow stories merge each fourth shorter featurette added bring film close sequence based final chapter pooh corner christopher robin must leave hundred acre wood behind starting school christopher robin pooh discuss liked doing together boy bear promise remember keep memories time together alive pooh agrees do film closes narrator saying wherever christopher robin pooh always waiting whenever returns,animation,drama
"Raymond Woods, a junior manager in a bank in the City, is becoming increasingly bored of his life as it takes a downhill tumble. First he finds out that he has missed the promotion opportunity at work by his bad tempered and disapproving boss, Strothers, and then he catches his wife a couple of days before Christmas having an affair with Strothers. Touching down in Rio, he calls a cab to take him to a nice hotel. The cab driver, Paulo, takes him to a fairly run down hotel. Raymond insists he needs a much nicer hotel with a beach, while Paulo insists Raymond would not be able to afford such a hotel, but suddenly changes heart once Raymond shows him a large wad of cash. Paulo immediately befriends Raymond, with his eyes greedily on his cash as he owes money to the biggest Mafia leader in Rio. He insists that he is prepared to take Raymond wherever he needs to go and whatever he needs done can be done. Therefore, Paulo takes Raymond to the nicest hotel in Rio. Raymond trips up in a commotion at the door of the hotel, dropping his bag and spreading his cash all over the floor. Once he hastily shuffles it all away, the hotel clerks immediately show him to the Presidential suite. After a day of shopping and generous spending Raymond reveals to Paulo he has come to Rio to look for the famous samba dancer Orlinda. On Christmas Day, Orlinda visits Raymond to give him a present. Raymond is still angry at the fact that she has ended him up in this situation. She tells him that she wished the money was only a small portion of what he owned and it wouldn't matter that she took it, and tells Raymond he's a common crook. Leaving the safe after being ordered out, she tells Raymond not to give up hope. Raymond collects a large portion of the money and claims it is his. Orlinda then meets up with Paulo who takes his taxi and ties a rope to pull away at the bars of Raymond's prison. Raymond decides he should return the money to the bank, as he still has enough time to get back to England and return the money to the vaults without anybody noticing it had gone. He quickly buys a ticket back to London and hires a taxi driver to rush him back to the bank. However, when he arrives, the police are all over the building. About to rush in and explain to the police inspector, he discovers that over the Christmas period, somebody tunnelled into the vault and swiped the remainder of the money. Confused and relieved, Raymond leaves the bank, intending to return to Rio. Catching a taxi, when a couple leave, he recognises them as his wife and Strothers who have evidently just returned from their holiday in Tenerife. He tells his wife he'll leave her the address of where he's living in Rio to send the divorce papers, resigns from his job and goes back to Rio. He is next shown living with Orlinda and Paulo some years later with two babies and Bichero as his servant.",raymond woods junior manager bank city becoming increasingly bored life downhill tumble missed promotion opportunity work bad tempered disapproving boss strothers catches wife couple days christmas affair strothers touching rio calls cab nice hotel cab driver paulo fairly run hotel raymond insists needs much nicer hotel beach paulo insists raymond would able afford such hotel suddenly changes heart once raymond shows large wad cash paulo immediately befriends raymond eyes greedily cash owes money biggest mafia leader rio insists prepared raymond wherever needs whatever needs done done therefore paulo raymond nicest hotel rio raymond trips commotion door hotel dropping bag spreading cash floor once hastily shuffles hotel clerks immediately show presidential suite day shopping generous spending raymond reveals paulo rio look famous samba dancer orlinda christmas day orlinda visits raymond give present raymond angry fact ended situation wished money small portion owned would matter took raymond common crook leaving safe ordered raymond give hope raymond collects large portion money claims orlinda meets paulo taxi ties rope pull bars raymond prison raymond decides should return money bank enough time england return money vaults without anybody noticing gone quickly buys ticket london hires taxi driver rush bank arrives police building rush explain police inspector discovers christmas period somebody tunnelled vault swiped remainder money confused relieved raymond leaves bank intending return rio catching taxi couple leave recognises wife strothers evidently returned holiday tenerife wife leave address living rio send divorce papers resigns job rio shown living orlinda paulo years babies bichero servant,romance,crime
"The film opens with the words dedicated to the memory of, with an image of Second World War British food and clothing ration coupons.[2] In post-Second World War London, an unexploded bomb detonates in Miramont Gardens, Pimlico. The explosion reveals a buried cellar containing artwork, coins, jewellery and an ancient manuscript. The document is authenticated by the historian Professor Hatton-Jones as a royal charter of Edward IV that ceded a house and its estates to Charles VII, the last Duke of Burgundy, when he sought refuge there after being presumed dead at the 1477 Battle of Nancy. As the charter had never been revoked, an area of Pimlico is declared to still be a legal part of Burgundy. As the British government has no legal jurisdiction, it requires the local residents to form a representative committee according to the laws of the long-defunct dukedom before negotiating with them. Ancient Burgundian law requires that the Duke himself appoint a council. Sébastien de Charolais arrives and presents his claim to the title, which is verified by Professor Hatton-Jones. He forms the governing body which includes the local policeman, Spiller, and the manager of the bank branch, Mr. Wix; the neighbourhood shop keeper, Arthur Pemberton, is appointed as Burgundy's Prime Minister. The council begin discussions with the government, particularly about the Burgundian treasure. After the new Burgundians realise they are not subject to post-war rationing or other bureaucratic restrictions, the district is quickly flooded with black marketeers and shoppers; Spiller is unable to handle the rising problems by himself. In response, the British authorities surround the Burgundian territory with barbed wire. The residents retaliate against what they see as heavy-handed bureaucratic action; they stop a London Underground train as it passes through Burgundy, and ask to see passports of all passengers: those without documents are unable to proceed. The British government retaliates by breaking off negotiations, and Burgundy is isolated; the residents are invited to emigrate to England, but few leave. Power, water and deliveries of food are all cut off at the border by the British. Late one night, the Burgundians covertly connect a hose to a nearby British water main, which fills a bomb crater, solving the water problem, but this floods the food store. Unable to overcome this new problem, the Burgundians prepare to give up. Sympathetic Londoners begin to throw food parcels across the barrier, and soon others join in; the Burgundians have an ample supply, and decide to stay. A helicopter pumps milk through a hose and pigs are parachuted into the area. Meanwhile, the British government comes under public pressure to resolve the problem. It becomes clear to the British diplomats assigned to find a solution that defeating the Burgundians through starvation is both difficult and unpopular with the British people, so they negotiate. The sticking point turns out to be the disposition of the unearthed treasure. Wix, now the Burgundian Chancellor of the Exchequer, suggests a Burgundian loan of the treasure to Britain. With the final piece of the deadlock eliminated, Burgundy reunites with Britain, which also sees the return of rationing for food and clothing to the area. The celebratory outdoor banquet is interrupted by heavy rain.",film opens words dedicated memory image second world war british food clothing ration coupons post second world war london unexploded bomb detonates miramont gardens pimlico explosion reveals buried cellar containing artwork coins jewellery ancient manuscript document authenticated historian professor hatton jones royal charter edward iv ceded estates charles vii last duke burgundy sought refuge presumed dead battle nancy charter never revoked area pimlico declared legal part burgundy british government legal jurisdiction requires local residents form representative committee according laws long defunct dukedom negotiating ancient burgundian law requires duke appoint council s bastien de charolais arrives presents claim title verified professor hatton jones forms governing body includes local policeman spiller manager bank branch mr wix neighbourhood shop keeper arthur pemberton appointed burgundy prime minister council begin discussions government particularly burgundian treasure burgundians realise subject post war rationing or bureaucratic restrictions district quickly flooded black marketeers shoppers spiller unable handle rising problems response british authorities surround burgundian territory barbed wire residents retaliate against see heavy handed bureaucratic action stop london underground train passes burgundy ask see passports passengers those without documents unable proceed british government retaliates breaking negotiations burgundy isolated residents invited emigrate england few leave power water deliveries food cut border british late night burgundians covertly connect hose nearby british water main fills bomb crater solving water problem floods food store unable overcome problem burgundians prepare give sympathetic londoners begin throw food parcels across barrier others join burgundians ample supply decide stay helicopter pumps milk hose pigs parachuted area british government under public pressure resolve problem clear british diplomats assigned find solution defeating burgundians starvation difficult unpopular british people negotiate sticking point turns disposition unearthed treasure wix burgundian chancellor exchequer suggests burgundian loan treasure britain final piece deadlock eliminated burgundy reunites britain sees return rationing food clothing area celebratory outdoor banquet interrupted heavy rain,comedy,drama
"With a view to escaping his employers' daughter, who has amorous designs on him, Dr Simon Sparrow (Bogarde) signs on as medical officer on a cargo ship, SS Lotus. The ship is commanded by hot-tempered and authoritarian Captain Wentworth Hogg. Sparrow overcomes initial seasickness and settles into life on board. After arriving in a South American port (unspecified, but possibly in Ecuador), Sparrow meets Hélène Colbert (Bardot), a sexy young French nightclub singer. The misogynist Captain Hogg is forced to take on two female passengers, Muriel Mallet (De Banzie), the daughter of the chairman of the shipping company, and her friend, Hélène, for the return trip. Romance blossoms between Simon and Hélène, and when they reach home, Helene receives a telegram offering her a job in Rio de Janeiro. She and Sparrow return together. Throughout the trip, Hogg has been romanced by Muriel and eventually becomes engaged to her - with almost certain promotion to Commodore.",view escaping employers daughter amorous designs dr simon sparrow bogarde signs medical officer cargo ship ss lotus ship commanded hot tempered authoritarian captain wentworth hogg sparrow overcomes initial seasickness settles life board arriving south american port unspecified possibly ecuador sparrow meets h l ne colbert bardot sexy young french nightclub singer misogynist captain hogg forced female passengers muriel mallet de banzie daughter chairman shipping company friend h l ne return trip romance blossoms simon h l ne reach home helene receives telegram offering job rio de janeiro sparrow return together throughout trip hogg romanced muriel engaged almost certain promotion commodore,comedy,drama
"Boisterous gangster kingpin 'Bull' Weed rehabilitates the down-and-out 'Rolls Royce' Wensel, a former lawyer who has fallen into alcoholism. The two become confidants, with Rolls Royce's intelligence aiding Weed's schemes, but complications arise when Rolls Royce falls for Weed's girlfriend 'Feathers' McCoy. Adding to Weed's troubles are attempts by a rival gangster, 'Buck' Mulligan, to muscle in on his territory. Their antagonism climaxes with Weed killing Mulligan and he is imprisoned, awaiting a death sentence. Rolls Royce devises an escape plan, but he and Feathers face a dilemma, wondering if they should elope together and leave Bull Weed to his fate.",boisterous gangster kingpin bull weed rehabilitates rolls royce wensel former lawyer fallen alcoholism become confidants rolls royce intelligence aiding weed schemes complications arise rolls royce falls weed girlfriend feathers mccoy adding weed troubles attempts rival gangster buck mulligan muscle territory antagonism climaxes weed killing mulligan imprisoned awaiting death sentence rolls royce devises escape plan feathers face dilemma wondering should elope together leave bull weed fate,crime,action
"Vishi (Ajay Devgn) is a small-time crook who would do anything for money. He falls in love with Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha), a simple HR executive, who then begins a relationship with him. One day, Vishi, who frequently gets involved in fights, publicly beats up a street gangster, who later seeks a revenge attack with his gang. The gangster and his gang brutally beat up Vishi, and easily escape the scene. It is then revealed that the person they had beaten is actually Vishi's lookalike, Jai. The goons escape when they hear the siren, and Vishi is found alive on bike, then the same goons gets beaten brutally by Vishi. Khushi tries to explain to Vishi that she loves him, he understands and they both start falling in love. On another occasion, a police inspector arrests Jai and hands him over to a group of gangsters led by Pedro (Ketan Karande). Jai single-handedly kills them all and is revealed to be a professional assassin and previous right-hand man of underworld criminal Xavier Fonseca (Anandaraj), nicknamed AJ. After AJ single-handedly rescued Xavier's sister Marina (Manasvi Mamgai) from a bunch of kidnappers, Marina falls for Jai but he rejects her as he is been married to Anusha (Yami Gautam). Angered, Xavier tries to kill Anusha twice to get AJ married to Marina, which leaves her brutally injured. Jai then escaped to India and is in the process of getting her treated. When Vishi spots Jai, he reveals his identity and story to Vishi. Jai then requests Vishi to go to Bangkok disguised as AJ to fool Xavier and his sister; meanwhile, AJ makes time to get his wife operated on, as she is expecting a baby. Vishi agrees to help and goes to Bangkok along with his friend Musa (Kunaal Roy Kapur). Meanwhile, Insp. Shirke finds AJ's lookalike and tries to inform Xavier but ended up murdered. The style of murder triggers suspicion to Xavier. Marina tortures Musa to know the truth. He reveals that Vishi is the one who masqueraded as AJ. Xavier hatches a plan to bring AJ to Bangkok by kidnapping his wife, baby and lookalike and threatens to kill all three of them. It is revealed up that Vishi is actually in Mumbai and AJ and himself switched their places in the airport at time after the job is done. AJ reaches the spot and kills all Xavier's henchmen, Xavier, Marina while AJ and Anusha escape with their kid. Later it was revealed to be safe who was rescued by one of a man (Razzak Khan) of Xavier. The film ends with AJ and Vishi meeting at airport and Anusha requests Vishi to marry Khushi soon.",vishi ajay devgn small time crook would do anything money falls love khushi sonakshi sinha simple hr executive relationship day vishi frequently involved fights publicly beats street gangster seeks revenge attack gang gangster gang brutally beat vishi easily escape scene revealed person beaten actually vishi lookalike jai goons escape hear siren vishi found alive bike same goons beaten brutally vishi khushi explain vishi loves understands start falling love occasion police inspector arrests jai hands group gangsters led pedro ketan karande jai single handedly kills revealed professional assassin previous right hand underworld criminal xavier fonseca anandaraj nicknamed aj aj single handedly rescued xavier sister marina manasvi mamgai bunch kidnappers marina falls jai rejects married anusha yami gautam angered xavier kill anusha twice aj married marina leaves brutally injured jai escaped india process getting treated vishi spots jai reveals identity story vishi jai requests vishi bangkok disguised aj fool xavier sister aj makes time wife operated expecting baby vishi agrees bangkok along friend musa kunaal roy kapur insp shirke aj lookalike inform xavier ended murdered style murder triggers suspicion xavier marina tortures musa know truth reveals vishi masqueraded aj xavier hatches plan bring aj bangkok kidnapping wife baby lookalike threatens kill three revealed vishi actually mumbai aj switched places airport time job done aj reaches spot kills xavier henchmen xavier marina aj anusha escape kid revealed safe rescued razzak khan xavier film ends aj vishi meeting airport anusha requests vishi marry khushi,comedy,action
"Vijay is a public prosecutor with a high success rate. He is popular and well known in court due to his efficiency. The story starts with a murder case where the accused, Abbas, is tried and found guilty. Swapna, Vijay's girlfriend, suddenly discovers new evidence that Abbas may not be the real culprit then Vijay starts a secret investigation while defending Abbas in his trial. Before the trial's completion the police arrest Vijay for another murder.",vijay public prosecutor high success rate popular well known court due efficiency story starts murder case accused abbas tried found guilty swapna vijay girlfriend suddenly discovers evidence abbas may real culprit vijay starts secret investigation defending abbas trial trial completion police arrest vijay murder,drama,action
"Lawyer T.K. represents Steven Seldes, who claims that he is innocent of involvement in making under-age porn movies. He is also her lover, so when she meets his wife things are awkward for her - he didn't say he was married and his wife turns out to be an old student friend. Next day she confronts him at his office and a fight ensues in which she injures him. When she returns later on, she finds Steven is dead, and has been stabbed 18 times. Upon finding Ellie's sweater on the crime scene, the Police arrest her for the murder, and T.K. agrees to defend her.",lawyer t k represents steven seldes claims innocent involvement making under age porn movies lover meets wife things awkward did say married wife turns old student friend day confronts office fight ensues injures returns steven dead stabbed times upon finding ellie sweater crime scene police arrest murder t k agrees defend,crime,drama
"Three disparate travelers, a disillusioned preacher (William Shatner), an unsuccessful prospector (Howard Da Silva), and a larcenous, cynical con man (Edward G. Robinson), meet at a decrepit railroad station in the 1870s Southwest. The prospector and the preacher were witnesses at the memorable rape and murder trial of the notorious bandit Juan Carrasco (Paul Newman). The bandit duped an aristocratic Southerner, Colonel Wakefield (Laurence Harvey), into believing he knew the location of a lost Aztec treasure. The greedy gentleman allowed himself to be tied up while Carasco assaulted his wife Nina (Claire Bloom). These events lead to the stabbing of the husband and Carrasco was tried, convicted, and condemned for the crimes. Everyone's account on the witness stand differed dramatically. Carrasco claimed that Wakefield was tied up with ropes while Nina was assaulted, after which he killed the colonel in a duel. The newlywed wife contends that she was the one who killed her husband because he accused her of leading on Carrasco and causing the rape. The dead man testifies through a third witness, an old Indian shaman (Paul Fix), who said that neither of those accounts was true. He insisted that the colonel used a jeweled dagger to commit suicide after the incident. It turns out that there was a fourth witness, the prospector, one with a completely new view of what actually took place. But can his version be trusted?",three disparate travelers disillusioned preacher william shatner unsuccessful prospector howard da silva larcenous cynical con edward g robinson meet decrepit railroad station s southwest prospector preacher were witnesses memorable rape murder trial notorious bandit juan carrasco paul newman bandit duped aristocratic southerner colonel wakefield laurence harvey believing knew location lost aztec treasure greedy gentleman allowed tied carasco assaulted wife nina claire bloom these events lead stabbing husband carrasco tried convicted condemned crimes everyone account witness stand differed dramatically carrasco claimed wakefield tied ropes nina assaulted killed colonel duel newlywed wife contends killed husband accused leading carrasco causing rape dead testifies third witness old indian shaman paul fix said neither those accounts true insisted colonel used jeweled dagger commit suicide incident turns fourth witness prospector completely view actually took place version trusted,western,drama
"A compulsive gambler falls in love with a woman, and believes she is bringing him luck. Unfortunately one of his gambling rivals has also caught her eye.",compulsive gambler falls love woman believes bringing luck unfortunately gambling rivals caught eye,crime,comedy
"Madhava Rao (Vizag Prasad) is a big businessman and his competitor Saxena (Satya Prakash) is a crook. When Madhav Rao meets with an accident,his daughter Trisha (Trisha) takes over the company. Raju (Nitin) comes from nowhere to help Trisha. Trisha appoints Raju as general manager. Trisha has an inseparable younger sister called Usha (Rathi). Due to certain circumstances,Raju forces himself to disguise as Balu and Usha falls in love with Balu. As the confusion about mixed identities continue,Munna - another look alike of Raju - comes from Mumbai. Munna is a right hand of Karim Lala (Saurabh Shukla) - a Mumbai underworld don. The rest of the story is all about what happens when Munna try to destroy the family which Raju intend to save. [1]",madhava rao vizag prasad big businessman competitor saxena satya prakash crook madhav rao meets accident daughter trisha trisha company raju nitin nowhere trisha trisha appoints raju general manager trisha inseparable younger sister called usha rathi due certain circumstances raju forces disguise balu usha falls love balu confusion mixed identities continue munna look alike raju mumbai munna right hand karim lala saurabh shukla mumbai underworld don rest story happens munna try destroy family raju intend save,romance,action
Three lifelong friends work the bars in 1980's Atlantic City performing the songs of the 60's girl groups.,three lifelong friends work bars atlantic city performing songs girl groups,drama,romance
"The life of Akın, who lives in one of the poorest neighborhoods in Istanbul, begins to change after his mother’s death. He hopes to start a new life with the money he plans to steal from the carpenter's workshop he works at. His girlfriend, Deniz, finds his plan ridiculous and leaves him. Akın then accepts an offer by his friend İdris, which leads to a new start in his life. Having nothing to lose, Akın impresses his boss with his fearless and indifferent attitude, but a new life also brings with it a new host of enemies.",life ak n lives poorest neighborhoods istanbul change mother s death hopes start life money plans steal carpenter workshop works girlfriend deniz plan ridiculous leaves ak n accepts offer friend i dris leads start life nothing lose ak n impresses boss fearless indifferent attitude life brings host enemies,drama,romance
"While oceanographer Steve Zissou is working on his latest documentary at sea, his best friend and chief diver, Esteban du Plantier, is eaten by a creature Zissou describes as a jaguar shark. For his next project, Zissou is determined to document the shark's destruction. The crew aboard Zissou's aging research vessel Belafonte includes his estranged wife Eleanor, chief strategist and financial backer; Pelé dos Santos, a safety expert and Brazilian guitarist who sings David Bowie songs in Portuguese; and Klaus Daimler, the German first mate who views Zissou and Esteban as father figures. Minor crew members include Vikram Ray, cameraman; Bobby Ogata, frogman; Vladimir Wolodarsky, physicist and soundtrack composer; Renzo Pietro, sound man; and Anne-Marie Sakowitz, script girl. Also included is a recent group of unpaid interns from the University of North Alaska. However, the Team Zissou venture has hit a decline; they have not released a successful documentary in nine years. Ned Plimpton is a longtime Zissou fan whose mother had recently died, and he believes that Zissou is his father. After they meet at Zissou's latest premiere, Ned takes leave from his job as an airline pilot in Kentucky to join his crew. As Oseary Drakoulias, Zissou's producer, can not find anyone to finance their latest documentary, Ned offers his inheritance. Eleanor feels her husband is taking advantage of Ned and leaves. A reporter, Jane Winslett-Richardson, who is pregnant, comes to chronicle the voyage. Both Ned and Zissou are infatuated with Jane, and a rivalry develops between them. Klaus becomes envious of the attention Zissou pays to Ned. On their mission to find the jaguar shark, the Belafonte steals tracking equipment from a remote station owned by Alistair Hennessey, a more successful oceanographer and Zissou's nemesis. They then sail into unprotected waters and are attacked by Filipino pirates, who steal Ned's money and kidnap Bill Ubell, a bond company stooge assigned to the project. They are then rescued by Hennessey and towed to Port-au-Patois. Sakowitz, along with all but one of the interns, jump ship once they reach port. Zissou convinces Eleanor to rejoin the Belafonte, and then leads the crew on a rescue mission. They track Bill to an abandoned hotel on a remote island, saving him along with Hennessey, whom the pirates have also kidnapped. Ned and Zissou then make one last search for the shark in the ship's helicopter, but the aircraft malfunctions and they crash. Ned dies from his injuries and is buried at sea. Prior to Ned's death, Eleanor revealed to Jane that Zissou is sterile, therefore Ned could not have been his son. Zissou finally tracks down the shark in a submersible but he decides not to kill it, both because of its beauty and not having any more dynamite. At the premiere of the finished documentary (which is dedicated to Ned), Zissou receives a standing ovation while waiting outside the theater for the premiere to finish. The crew returns triumphantly to the ship the next day.",oceanographer steve zissou working latest documentary sea best friend chief diver esteban du plantier eaten creature zissou describes jaguar shark project zissou determined document shark destruction crew aboard zissou aging research vessel belafonte includes estranged wife eleanor chief strategist financial backer pel dos santos safety expert brazilian guitarist sings david bowie songs portuguese klaus daimler german mate views zissou esteban figures minor crew members include vikram ray cameraman bobby ogata frogman vladimir wolodarsky physicist soundtrack composer renzo pietro sound anne marie sakowitz script girl included recent group unpaid interns university north alaska team zissou venture hit decline released successful documentary nine years ned plimpton longtime zissou fan whose mother recently died believes zissou meet zissou latest premiere ned leave job airline pilot kentucky join crew oseary drakoulias zissou producer find anyone finance latest documentary ned offers inheritance eleanor feels husband taking advantage ned leaves reporter jane winslett richardson pregnant chronicle voyage ned zissou infatuated jane rivalry develops klaus envious attention zissou pays ned mission find jaguar shark belafonte steals tracking equipment remote station owned alistair hennessey successful oceanographer zissou nemesis sail unprotected waters attacked filipino pirates steal ned money kidnap bill ubell bond company stooge assigned project rescued hennessey towed port au patois sakowitz along interns jump ship once reach port zissou convinces eleanor rejoin belafonte leads crew rescue mission track bill abandoned hotel remote island saving along hennessey whom pirates kidnapped ned zissou last search shark ship helicopter aircraft malfunctions crash ned dies injuries buried sea prior ned death eleanor revealed jane zissou sterile therefore ned could son zissou finally tracks shark submersible decides kill beauty any dynamite premiere finished documentary dedicated ned zissou receives standing ovation waiting outside theater premiere finish crew returns triumphantly ship day,comedy,action
"This film revolves around a youth named Prakashan, who moved to Gujarat 15 years ago.[7] Prakashan (Fahadh Faasil) works as an assistant to his uncle (T G Ravi) who runs a decrepit tire shop at Kutch. Having moved to Gujarat years back, Prakashan nurtures a dream of marrying Esha (Mrudula Murali) and of paying off his uncle's debts. Hoping to sell off his ancestral property in Kerala, Parakshan heads to Bangalore to meet an old school mate Arun (Jins Baskar), where he is mistaken for the celebrity Fahadh Faasil (played by himself).",film revolves around youth named prakashan moved gujarat years ago prakashan fahadh faasil works assistant uncle t g ravi runs decrepit tire shop kutch moved gujarat years prakashan nurtures dream marrying esha mrudula murali paying uncle debts hoping sell ancestral property kerala parakshan heads bangalore meet old school mate arun jins baskar mistaken celebrity fahadh faasil played,comedy,romance
"The film is the story of a hopeful new immigrant, Janos Szabo (Peter Lorre), who, on his first day in New York City, is trapped in a hotel fire that leaves his face hideously scarred. Refused employment due to his appearance although he possesses tremendous skill as a watchmaker, the only way he can survive is by turning to theft, using his skilled hands to disable alarms. Eventually he becomes the leader of a gang of thieves, and raises enough money to commission and wear a realistic latex mask of his own face. Janos then falls in love with Helen (Evelyn Keyes) a blind woman who sees only the good in him, and attempts to leave his life of crime behind him. Unfortunately, his gang come to believe that he has betrayed them to the police, and attempt to kill him by car bomb, an attempt on his life that he survives but which kills Helen. In retaliation, Janos disguises himself as the pilot of the private plane the gang is flying out of the city with, which he lands in the Arizona desert and lets out the fuel, suicidally stranding both the gang and himself without food or water, dooming them all to a slow death. At the film's end, Janos's body and that of his enemies are discovered by the police.",film story hopeful immigrant janos szabo peter lorre day york city trapped hotel fire leaves face hideously scarred refused employment due appearance although possesses tremendous skill watchmaker survive turning theft using skilled hands disable alarms leader gang thieves raises enough money commission wear realistic latex mask face janos falls love helen evelyn keyes blind woman sees good attempts leave life crime behind unfortunately gang believe betrayed police attempt kill car bomb attempt life survives kills helen retaliation janos disguises pilot private plane gang flying city lands arizona desert lets fuel suicidally stranding gang without food or water dooming slow death film end janos body enemies discovered police,crime,action
"The story follows Major Arjun Singh (Shahrukh Khan), a dutiful army officer and the brother-in-law of acclaimed Jailer Raghuvir Singh (Kiran Kumar). He is in love with Geeta (Sridevi), and they get married, and become proud parents. Arjun soon gets involved in the bad books of a notorious gangster named Naagraj (Danny Denzongpa). Arjun starts working undercover in Nagraj's gang, but soon enough, Nagraj is informed about Arjun's real identity, and Arjun is brutally killed. When Geeta finds out, she decides to avenge Arjun's death. When Naagraj finds out that Geeta is out for vengeance, he scoffs at her, refusing to believe that a lone defenseless widow can do him any harm. But Naagraj is in for a surprise when he comes face to face with Geeta and a group of young convicted men on the run who are dedicated to bring him down - even if they die trying.",story follows major arjun singh shahrukh khan dutiful army officer brother law acclaimed jailer raghuvir singh kiran kumar love geeta sridevi married become proud parents arjun involved bad books notorious gangster named naagraj danny denzongpa arjun starts working undercover nagraj gang enough nagraj informed arjun real identity arjun brutally killed geeta decides avenge arjun death naagraj geeta vengeance scoffs refusing believe lone defenseless widow do any harm naagraj surprise face face geeta group young convicted men run dedicated bring even die trying,drama,action
"On the run from the police, S.S. Kumar, a thief, comes across a private invitation to the island of Sir John Locksley addressed to Raja Bahadur Singh. When the Raja is shot, Kumar takes him to a nearby hospital, dons a Sikh's turban, poses as the Raja's son and goes to the private island of Sir John. Also attending are K.P.W. Iyengar aka Romeo, Dr. Dubari, Colonel Columbus, and Countess Sylvia Rasmussen. A stunned Kumar finds out that all of these invitees are master criminals and thieves. Kumar's guise does not fool anyone, including his former sweetheart, Sheila Enders (Zeenat Aman), nevertheless Sir John permits him to stay on, as he feels that Kumar's career, though an amateur, is consistent with those already present. The reason why John has invited them is to find a successor to take his place as he is dying of cancer. He feels that one of his invitees can be trusted to take his place and for this he has arranged for them to steal a ruby (Shalimar) worth 135 crores of rupees. This gem is placed in a secure room within his palace, which is alarmed, and guarded by armed men 24 hours a day. The ruby itself is located within a display case of bulletproof glass and surrounded by a minefield. He challenges one of them to steal the shalimar - but if anyone fails then they are killed by the security system. Pitted against such veterans, it looks like Kumar has got himself into a bind that he may not come out of alive.",run police s s kumar thief across private invitation island sir john locksley addressed raja bahadur singh raja shot kumar nearby hospital dons sikh turban poses raja son private island sir john attending k p w iyengar aka romeo dr dubari colonel columbus countess sylvia rasmussen stunned kumar these invitees master criminals thieves kumar guise fool anyone including former sweetheart sheila enders zeenat aman nevertheless sir john permits stay feels kumar career though amateur consistent those already present reason why john invited find successor place dying cancer feels invitees trusted place arranged steal ruby shalimar worth crores rupees gem placed secure room within palace alarmed guarded armed men hours day ruby itself located within display case bulletproof glass surrounded minefield challenges steal shalimar anyone fails killed security system pitted against such veterans looks like kumar got bind may alive,drama,action
"The jury decides whether a young Chechen boy is guilty of the murder of his stepfather, a Russian military officer. Initially it seems that the boy was the murderer. However, one of the jurors (Sergei Makovetsky) votes in favour of acquittal. Since the verdict must be rendered unanimously, the jurors review the case, and one by one come to the conclusion that the boy was framed. The murder was performed by criminals involved in the construction business. The discussion is repeatedly interrupted by flashbacks from the boy's wartime childhood. In the end the foreman states that he was sure the boy did not commit the crime but he will not vote in favour of acquittal since the acquitted boy will be subsequently killed by the same criminals. In addition, the foreman reveals that he is a former intelligence agency officer. After a brief argument, the foreman agrees to join the majority. Later the foreman tells the boy that he will find the murderers.",jury decides whether young chechen boy guilty murder stepfather russian military officer initially seems boy murderer jurors sergei makovetsky votes favour acquittal since verdict must rendered unanimously jurors review case conclusion boy framed murder performed criminals involved construction business discussion repeatedly interrupted flashbacks boy wartime childhood end foreman states sure boy did commit crime vote favour acquittal since acquitted boy subsequently killed same criminals addition foreman reveals former intelligence agency officer brief argument foreman agrees join majority foreman boy find murderers,crime,drama
"Prabhu (Uday Kiran) is a college student who does not allow anyone to do wrong. He quite often argues with others to the point where he is repeatedly arressted. When he was younger his foster father (Nizhalgal Ravi), a psychiatrist used to bail him out. In the meantime, Swetha (Diya), the sister of commissioner of police Ravichandra, has been ditching her college classes, so her father has a police escort take her to school. When she tries to escape from her escort, they pursue her. They cross paths with the troublesome Prabhu, who battles them. In the ensuing fight, Prabhu says 'I love you' to Swetha and she is so impressed by his gallantry, she falls in love. Prabhu then learns that his foster parents are taking him to meet his real father Lakshmi Narayana (Satyaraj) who had been receiving treatment in a mental hospital. He tries to speak with his father, but the man is unresponsive. On the advice of Swetha's father, he takes his father to Kerala for treatment. When there, he meets a former bodyguard of Lakshmi Narayana who tells him that not only was his father the former Election Commissioner, but that his current mental breakdown state was caused by local politician Ramadasu (Vijayan). Coincidentally, Ramadasu has been brought to that same Kerala facility by his own son (Riyaz Khan). When Ramadasu's son learns that his father's former enemy Lakshmi is still alive, he attempts to kill him.",prabhu uday kiran college student allow anyone do wrong quite often argues others point repeatedly arressted younger foster nizhalgal ravi psychiatrist used bail meantime swetha diya sister commissioner police ravichandra ditching college classes police escort school escape escort pursue cross paths troublesome prabhu battles ensuing fight prabhu says i love you swetha impressed gallantry falls love prabhu learns foster parents taking meet real lakshmi narayana satyaraj receiving treatment mental hospital speak unresponsive advice swetha kerala treatment meets former bodyguard lakshmi narayana former election commissioner current mental breakdown state caused local politician ramadasu vijayan coincidentally ramadasu brought same kerala facility son riyaz khan ramadasu son learns former enemy lakshmi alive attempts kill,romance,action
"Nick Dunn, a used car salesman, can't close a deal with customers Karen Winter and Arthur Markel, so he is fired. A sympathetic Markel has a car lot of his own and offers a job to Nick, who quits after discovering Markel's disreputable sales methods. Nick and wife Jane have a financial dilemma when their son falls ill. Swallowing his pride, Nick asks for his job back with Markel, who promotes him to manager. But the criminal activity continues, until Nick becomes convinced that Markel has even ordered his henchman, Smiley Ward, to murder Davenport, a detective. Jane is appalled by Nick's new line of work. He seeks solace in the company of the beautiful Karen, but when the cops come to investigate Davenport's death, Karen refuses to give Nick an alibi. Now a suspect, he tracks down Ward, who during their struggle at an amusement park falls from a roller coaster to his death. Nick tries to explain the hot-car racket to the police, implicating Karen and Markel.",nick dunn used car salesman close deal customers karen winter arthur markel fired sympathetic markel car lot offers job nick quits discovering markel disreputable sales methods nick wife jane financial dilemma son falls ill swallowing pride nick job markel promotes manager criminal activity continues until nick convinced markel even ordered henchman smiley ward murder davenport detective jane appalled nick line work seeks solace company beautiful karen cops investigate davenport death karen refuses give nick alibi suspect tracks ward struggle amusement park falls roller coaster death nick explain hot car racket police implicating karen markel,crime,comedy
"Ashok Tandon (Dharmendra) is a bank manager, and is in love with Deepa (Raakhee), and both are to be married soon. However, Ashok is arrested for theft from the bank. He asks Deepa to look after his mom (Leela Chitnis), which she agrees to do. He is sentenced to prison for several years. After his release, he finds out that his mother has died; Deepa is married and has re-located; and he was framed by his colleagues at the bank. Devastated but still honest, he is befriended by Raja Ranbir Singh, who gives him a job, as well a new identity. Ashok now becomes Bikram Singh, and he must seek out Deepa, and his shrewd and calculating colleagues at the bank to extract vengeance.",ashok tandon dharmendra bank manager love deepa raakhee married ashok arrested theft bank deepa look mom leela chitnis agrees do sentenced prison several years release mother died deepa married re located framed colleagues bank devastated honest befriended raja ranbir singh gives job well identity ashok bikram singh must seek deepa shrewd calculating colleagues bank extract vengeance,romance,action
"Pat Travis (Troy Evans) is a Vietnam war veteran who needs a triple bypass heart surgery, and thus heads off to the government-funded Monument Heights Veterans' Hospital in Washington D.C. However, as he gets there, he meets a hospital in complete chaos, riddled with lethargic, insidious bureaucracy and unable to accommodate new patients due to the government's 'creeping cutback' policy. There, he meets wiseguy veterans Luther Jerome (Keith David), who introduces him to the hospital's hectic situation, and 'Shooter' Polaski (Leo Burmester), who shortly drives through the hospital's entrance and starts a shooting rampage with his M16 after being issued an Article 99 form - which states the hospital finds the patient eligible, but can't be treated immediately as the supposed ailment is not combat-related. The hospital is managed by the by-the-book bureaucrat Executive Director, Dr. Henry Dreyfoos (John Mahoney), who is determined to uphold the government's policies by any means, to the point of directly cutting patient's acceptance rates by half and instituting rigorous dressing codes and supply upkeeping regulations. He's backed up by Chief of Medicine Leo Krutz (Jeffrey Tambor) and Chief Nurse Amelia Sturdeyvant (Julie Bovasso), who follow and back-up Dreyfoos' policies, fearing for their jobs. Dreyfoos greatest opposition comes from the hospital's ER team led by surgeon Dr. Richard Sturgess (Ray Liotta), who has no qualms in exposing Dreyfoos' politicking to the press when he has the opportunity (Mostly thanks to his friend Luther) and performing illegal midnight hospital supply thefts called 'midnight requisitions' to be able to properly perform surgeries. Dreyfoos is aware of Sturgess' activities, but can't prosecute him as he can't gather evidence. Sturgess' team is shortly joined by Dr. Peter Morgan (Kiefer Sutherland), who plans to work temporarily in the hospital before starting private practice. He's eventually instructed by Sturgess and his colleagues Ruby Bobrick (John C. McGinley), Sid Handleman (Forest Whitaker) and Robin Van Dorn (Lea Thompson) and constantly monitored by Nurse White (Lynne Thigpen). His 'potential' after failing to attend to Travis' heart attack and causing a ruptured artery has Sturgess trying to convince him to join the team and also fight Dreyfoos' administration, but Morgan refuses, fearful their wrongdoings will eventually influence his medicine career. Meanwhile, Morgan also meets World War II veteran Sam Abrams (Eli Wallach), considered by the hospital a 'gomer', a person that can't be admitted even with critical condition and has constantly to be moved and kept from administration so he won't be dismissed until he can be cured. Abrams' sharing of experiences with Morgan has the newcomer doctor slowly start caring for him and start disagreeing to several of the hospital's conditions, especially that he can't properly accommodate the veteran and has to use old diagnoses to repeat needless exams. Morgan also starts a relationship with Robin while Sturgess does so with psychologist Diana Walton (Kathy Baker), equally a by-the-book character that slowly starts opening up to Sturgess shortly after Polaski's incident. Morgan learns, through overhearing Dreyfoos' conversation through the phone, a new shipment of cardiac surgery tools is stored in the Pathology department and relays it to Sturgess, who performs a 'midnight requisition' to get them. Unfortunately, this was an elaborate trap set by Dreyfoos, who films the theft and blackmails Sturgess into voluntary suspension and declaration of guilt when charges are brought up, in exchange for the tape and a written declaration sparing both Bobrick and Handleman. Sturgess falls apart while Walton backs him up, committed on not giving up on him. Shortly after, Abrams himself passes away and this affects Morgan heavily, feeling he failed him and starting to take charge. Morgan eventually finds Dreyfoos' tape and, infuriated he was used as bait, declares open rebellion against Dreyfoos, getting himself suspended. Morgan arranges for Sturgess to return to the hospital and both, along with Luther and the veterans, start planning a hostile takeover to properly attend the patients without the administration's interference. The veterans successfully lock the security guards outside while Dreyfoos is away, and Luther, armed with Polaski's M16, keeps the guards away while the police, despite being pressured, can't remove the blocking veterans as the hospital is under federal jurisdiction, much to Dreyfoos' chagrin. It doesn't take long before the press arrives and this catches attention of the FBI and the Inspector General (Noble Willingham), who hastily travels to assess the situation. The Inspector General attempts negotiating with Luther, but he stands his ground as the veterans unfurl a massive banner in the hospital written 'No Surrender'. The FBI prepares to break into the hospital and retake it by force, cutting off the power supply and issuing a final warning. Sturgess, who starts Travis' triple bypass surgery after he's in critical condition, leaves Morgan in charge as he convinces Luther to lay down resistance and reopen the hospital, much to the Inspector General's shock. He and Dreyfoos enter the building and attempt to interrupt Travis' surgery and have Morgan arrested, but Morgan stands his ground. Dreyfoos tries insisting on the arrest, but the Inspector General, revealed to have been a Vietnam war veteran and acknowledging the situation the hospital is facing, spares Morgan and puts Dreyfoos under a congressional hearing, suspending him from the hospital management and terminating his bureaucratic career. Morgan decides to become a permanent resident in Monument Heights as no prosecutions are made and Travis is saved. Victory is sadly short-lived, as Dreyfoos' unnamed replacement decides to upkeep Dreyfoos' previous policies. Morgan and Sturgess decide to join up and make their stand against the 'new' administration.",pat travis troy evans vietnam war veteran needs triple bypass heart surgery thus heads government funded monument heights veterans hospital washington d c meets hospital complete chaos riddled lethargic insidious bureaucracy unable accommodate patients due government creeping cutback policy meets wiseguy veterans luther jerome keith david introduces hospital hectic situation hooter polaski leo burmester shortly drives hospital entrance starts shooting rampage m issued article form states hospital patient eligible treated immediately supposed ailment combat related hospital managed book bureaucrat executive director dr henry dreyfoos john mahoney determined uphold government policies any means point directly cutting patient acceptance rates half instituting rigorous dressing codes supply upkeeping regulations backed chief medicine leo krutz jeffrey tambor chief nurse amelia sturdeyvant julie bovasso follow dreyfoos policies fearing jobs dreyfoos greatest opposition hospital er team led surgeon dr richard sturgess ray liotta qualms exposing dreyfoos politicking press opportunity mostly thanks friend luther performing illegal midnight hospital supply thefts called midnight requisitions able properly perform surgeries dreyfoos aware sturgess activities prosecute gather evidence sturgess team shortly joined dr peter morgan kiefer sutherland plans work temporarily hospital starting private practice instructed sturgess colleagues ruby bobrick john c mcginley sid handleman forest whitaker robin van dorn lea thompson constantly monitored nurse white lynne thigpen potential failing attend travis heart attack causing ruptured artery sturgess trying convince join team fight dreyfoos administration morgan refuses fearful wrongdoings influence medicine career morgan meets world war ii veteran sam abrams eli wallach considered hospital gomer person admitted even critical condition constantly moved kept administration wo dismissed until cured abrams sharing experiences morgan newcomer doctor slowly start caring start disagreeing several hospital conditions especially properly accommodate veteran use old diagnoses repeat needless exams morgan starts relationship robin sturgess psychologist diana walton kathy baker equally book character slowly starts opening sturgess shortly polaski incident morgan learns overhearing dreyfoos conversation phone shipment cardiac surgery tools stored pathology department relays sturgess performs midnight requisition unfortunately elaborate trap set dreyfoos films theft blackmails sturgess voluntary suspension declaration guilt charges brought exchange tape written declaration sparing bobrick handleman sturgess falls apart walton backs committed giving shortly abrams passes affects morgan heavily feeling failed starting charge morgan dreyfoos tape infuriated used bait declares open rebellion against dreyfoos getting suspended morgan arranges sturgess return hospital along luther veterans start planning hostile takeover properly attend patients without administration interference veterans successfully lock security guards outside dreyfoos luther armed polaski m keeps guards police despite pressured remove blocking veterans hospital under federal jurisdiction much dreyfoos chagrin long press arrives catches attention fbi inspector general noble willingham hastily travels assess situation inspector general attempts negotiating luther stands ground veterans unfurl massive banner hospital written surrender fbi prepares break hospital retake force cutting power supply issuing final warning sturgess starts travis triple bypass surgery critical condition leaves morgan charge convinces luther lay resistance reopen hospital much inspector general shock dreyfoos enter building attempt interrupt travis surgery morgan arrested morgan stands ground dreyfoos insisting arrest inspector general revealed vietnam war veteran acknowledging situation hospital facing spares morgan puts dreyfoos under congressional hearing suspending hospital management terminating bureaucratic career morgan decides become permanent resident monument heights prosecutions made travis saved victory sadly short lived dreyfoos unnamed replacement decides upkeep dreyfoos previous policies morgan sturgess decide join stand against administration,drama,action
"A foreign power, which is represented by their agent Marlof, attempts to set up secret missile bases in Canada to target the United States for their planned summer invasion. Meanwhile, acting on intelligence following the smashing of a spy ring in Montreal, Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) officers Don Roberts and Kay Conway go undercover in a settling party headed for the Yukon. Marlof also has agents, Beck and Reed, in the party en route to the site of the planned missile bases. Their attempts to disrupt the party only call the attention of the Mounties to the larger plot who, once the settlers finally reach their goal, continue to pursue the troublemakers, uncover their plot against the free world, unmask Marlof and bring them to justice.",foreign power represented agent marlof attempts set secret missile bases canada target united states planned summer invasion acting intelligence following smashing spy ring montreal royal canadian mounted police rcmp officers don roberts kay conway undercover settling party headed yukon marlof agents beck reed party en route site planned missile bases attempts disrupt party call attention mounties larger plot once settlers finally reach goal continue pursue troublemakers uncover plot against free world unmask marlof bring justice,western,action
"Set in Indiana in 1903, the film tells the tale of Jeremiah Kincaid (Bobby Driscoll) and his determination to raise a black-wool lamb that was once rejected by its mother. Jeremiah names the lamb Danny for the famed race horse Dan Patch (who is also portrayed in the film). Jeremiah's dream of showing Danny at the Pike County Fair must overcome the obstinate objections of his loving yet tough grandmother Granny (Beulah Bondi). Jeremiah's confidant Uncle Hiram (Burl Ives) is the boy's steady ally. Inspired by the animated figures and stories, the boy perseveres.[5]",set indiana film tale jeremiah kincaid bobby driscoll determination raise black wool lamb once rejected mother jeremiah names lamb danny famed race horse dan patch portrayed film jeremiah dream showing danny pike county fair must overcome obstinate objections loving yet tough grandmother granny beulah bondi jeremiah confidant uncle hiram burl ives boy steady ally inspired animated figures stories boy perseveres,animation,drama
"Before the Rains is set in 1930s Malabar District of the Madras Presidency of British India, against the backdrop of a growing nationalist movement. An idealistic young Indian man, T.K. Neelan (Rahul Bose) finds himself torn between his ambitions for the future and his loyalty to tradition when people in his village learn of an affair between his British boss and close friend Henry Moores (Linus Roache) and a married village woman Sajani (Nandita Das). Henry and T.K. are working on constructing a road in rural Kerala. The start of the film focuses on the affair between Henry and his house-maid Sajani. They make love near a waterfall, witnessed by two children who flee. Both Henry and Sajani are married to different partners and both know of each other's marriages. Henry's wife Laura and son Peter return from their vacation in England. Sajani is distraught but Henry assures Sajani that she is the one he loves. Sajani's violent husband finds out about her infidelity and brutally beats her. Sajani flees to Henry's house; Henry instructs T.K. to take her away into hiding. T.K tells Sajani never to come back as she is now disgraced and her presence in the village will endanger Henry's life. Sajani does not believe T.K but leaves nonetheless. During this time, resentment towards the British grows stronger; news about an adulterous act between an Indian woman and a British man would be inflammatory. Sajani's love for Henry drives her back to Henry's house. Henry tells her to leave and admits that he does not love her. A distraught Sajani finds T.K's handgun (a gift from Henry), shoots herself in the chest and dies. T.K. and Henry throw her body in the river to conceal her death. Sajani's disappearance garners interest in the village. Sajani's brother Manas and husband gather the men of the village to search the jungle for her. The same two children who discovered Sajani and Henry near the waterfall in compromising position then discover her dead body. It is established that a bullet from an English pistol killed her. A mob led by Sajani's husband attacks T.K., the only Indian man around with a handgun. The bullet and the handgun match and T.K is tried by the village council for murder. T.K is forced to tell the truth to the council, while Henry's wife discovers her husband's affair and his involvement in Sajani's death and leaves her husband to return to England with their son. T.K proves his innocence to the council in a test of fire. The council elders tell T.K. that he has to kill Henry to get his honour back since he aided and abetted in covering up a killing. Sajani's brother and T.K. go to kill Henry. When it comes to the moment for T.K to kill Henry, he cannot pull the trigger but instead tells Henry that no man owns anything, it belongs to everyone. The film ends with the onset of the monsoon. Henry and T.K's road holds and does not yield to the pouring rains.",rains set s malabar district madras presidency british india against backdrop growing nationalist movement idealistic young indian t k neelan rahul bose torn ambitions future loyalty tradition people village learn affair british boss close friend henry moores linus roache married village woman sajani nandita das henry t k working constructing road rural kerala start film focuses affair henry maid sajani love near waterfall witnessed children flee henry sajani married different partners know each marriages henry wife laura son peter return vacation england sajani distraught henry assures sajani loves sajani violent husband infidelity brutally beats sajani flees henry henry instructs t k hiding t k sajani never disgraced presence village endanger henry life sajani believe t k leaves nonetheless time resentment towards british grows stronger news adulterous act indian woman british would inflammatory sajani love henry drives henry henry leave admits love distraught sajani t k handgun gift henry shoots herself chest dies t k henry throw body river conceal death sajani disappearance garners interest village sajani brother manas husband gather men village search jungle same children discovered sajani henry near waterfall compromising position discover dead body established bullet english pistol killed mob led sajani husband attacks t k indian around handgun bullet handgun match t k tried village council murder t k forced tell truth council henry wife discovers husband affair involvement sajani death leaves husband return england son t k proves innocence council test fire council elders tell t k kill henry honour since aided abetted covering killing sajani brother t k kill henry moment t k kill henry cannot pull trigger instead henry owns anything belongs everyone film ends onset monsoon henry t k road holds yield pouring rains,romance,drama
"Von Housen seeks to dominate the world from his headquarters in London with an army of 50,000 radar-controlled robots that are powered by uranium. He believes himself to be a vampire and has several young women abducted, most recently Julia Loretti, who has a map to a uranium mine that he needs for his robot army. At the moment, Von Housen only has one functional robot which is supposed to be shipped to him but, through a mistake, is shipped to Old Mother Riley's store instead, with Mother Riley's package sent to Von Housen. Seeing Mother Riley's address in the label, Von Housen sends his robot to abduct Mother Riley and take her to his headquarters.",von housen seeks dominate world headquarters london army radar controlled robots powered uranium believes vampire several young women abducted most recently julia loretti map uranium mine needs robot army moment von housen functional robot supposed shipped mistake shipped old mother riley store instead mother riley package sent von housen seeing mother riley address label von housen sends robot abduct mother riley headquarters,comedy,horror
"A British parliamentary delegation is dispatched to the village of Laxdale - a loosely disguised Applecross - in the Scottish Highlands where the residents are protesting at their poor links with the outside world. After a few days amongst them, and initial problems of interaction, the visitors begin to fully appreciate the locals' lifestyle",british parliamentary delegation dispatched village laxdale loosely disguised applecross scottish highlands residents protesting poor links outside world few days amongst initial problems interaction visitors begin fully appreciate locals lifestyle,comedy,drama
"Psychologist Charles Marlowe (Lee) invents a drug which will release his patients' inhibitions. When he tests it on himself, he becomes the evil Edward Blake, who descends into crime and eventually murder. Utterson (Cushing), Marlowe's lawyer, believes that Blake is blackmailing his friend until he discovers the truth.",psychologist charles marlowe lee invents drug release patients inhibitions tests evil edward blake descends crime murder utterson cushing marlowe lawyer believes blake blackmailing friend until discovers truth,horror,drama
"Loosely based on true events (see Bernard Boursicot and Shi Pei Pu), the film concerns René Gallimard (Jeremy Irons), a French diplomat assigned to Beijing, China in the 1960s. He becomes infatuated with a Chinese opera performer, Song Liling (John Lone), who spies on him for the Government of the People's Republic of China. Their affair lasts for 20 years, with Gallimard all the while apparently unaware (or willfully ignorant) of the fact that in traditional Chinese opera, all roles are performed by men.",loosely based true events see bernard boursicot shi pei pu film concerns ren gallimard jeremy irons french diplomat assigned beijing china s infatuated chinese opera performer song liling john lone spies government people republic china affair lasts years gallimard apparently unaware or willfully ignorant fact traditional chinese opera roles performed men,romance,drama
A mysterious lady attempts to blackmail a respected politician into giving a speech in parliament that supports her interests.[3],mysterious lady attempts blackmail respected politician giving speech parliament supports interests,comedy,drama
"This crime comedy shows the bumbling son of a recently deceased crime boss, who does his best to follow in his father's footsteps, but to little avail. In the end, he accidentally switches sides and helps to bring in the crooks. It is a remake of the 1936 film Where There's A Will.",crime comedy shows bumbling son recently deceased crime boss best follow footsteps little avail end accidentally switches sides helps bring crooks remake film,comedy,crime
"Selim’s family has migrated from Anatolia to İstanbul. A naive young man without any special training or expertise, he likes to feed pigeons on the rooftop of the building he lives in. Selim’s best friend, Çaça Celal, is a local tough guy. Selim and Çaça work for a man they refer to as Usta, running car parks in the ritzy neighborhood on the other side of the road. Their greatest dream is to have a car park of their own. In a club that Selim frequents, he meets Mehmet, who makes an offer that will change their lives forever",selim s family migrated anatolia i stanbul naive young without any special training or expertise likes feed pigeons rooftop building lives selim s best friend celal local tough guy selim work refer usta running car parks ritzy neighborhood side road greatest dream car park club selim frequents meets mehmet makes offer change lives forever,drama,comedy
"Holly and Gerry are a married couple who live on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. They are deeply in love, but they fight occasionally. By winter that year, Gerry suddenly dies of a brain tumor, and Holly realizes how much he meant to her as well as how insignificant their arguments were. Deeply distraught, Holly withdraws from her family and friends out of grief until they descend upon her on her 30th birthday. They are determined to prod the young widow to face the future and explore what her life choices should be. As they rally around Holly and help organize her apartment, a cake is delivered, and with it is a message from Gerry. It proves to be the first of several meaningful messages — all ending with I Love You — which he had arranged to have delivered to her after his death. As the seasons pass, each new message fills her with encouragement and sends her on a new adventure. Holly's mother believes that Gerry's letters are keeping Holly tied to the past. But they are, in fact, pushing her into the future. With Gerry's words as her guide, Holly slowly embarks on a journey of rediscovery. Gerry arranged for Holly and her friends Denise and Sharon to travel to his homeland of Ireland. They arrive at their destination, a house in the beautiful Irish countryside where they find letters from Gerry for Sharon & Denise, one asking Denise to take Holly to his favorite pub. While there, they meet William, a singer who strongly reminds Holly of her deceased husband. He asks her to stay to see him after his last song (Galway Girl), which he dedicates to her. Upon hearing it, she is overcome with emotion and walks out, because it was the song Gerry sang to her shortly after they first met. During the vacation, while on a fishing trip, they lose the boat's oars, leaving the three women stranded in the middle of a lake. During their wait for help, Sharon announces that she is pregnant and Denise reveals she is getting married. This news causes Holly to relapse emotionally and again withdraw into herself. They are eventually rescued by William, whom Sharon and Denise invite to stay the night because of the pouring rain. Unable to deny their feelings for each other, they kiss, and William and Holly have sex. They begin a conversation about her deceased husband and Holly asks William to drive her to visit her in-laws. Upon Holly revealing their names, William realizes she is the widow of his childhood best friend. Revealing this to Holly causes her to panic, but William calms her down and starts to tell stories about his and Gerry's childhood. The next day, Holly visits Gerry's parents and while there, she also receives a letter from Gerry reminding her of their first meeting. Arriving home, Holly again withdraws from family and friends. As she continues to become more and more lost, she is inspired by Gerry after finding one of his suspender clips next to one of her shoes and realizes she has a flair for designing women's shoes; she enrolls in a class that teaches how to actually make the shoes she has designed. A new found self-confidence allows her to emerge from her solitude and embrace her friends' happiness. While on a walk with her mother, she learns that her mother was the one whom Gerry asked to deliver his letters after his death and receives the last letter. As the film ends with Holly taking her mother on a trip to Ireland, we see that Holly has opened herself up to the journey beginning with the next chapter of her life, and wherever it takes her she has the hope of falling in love again.",holly gerry married couple live lower east side manhattan deeply love fight occasionally winter year gerry suddenly dies brain tumor holly realizes how much meant well how insignificant arguments were deeply distraught holly withdraws family friends grief until descend upon th birthday determined prod young widow face future explore life choices should rally around holly organize apartment cake delivered message gerry proves several meaningful messages ending i love you arranged delivered death seasons pass each message fills encouragement sends adventure holly mother believes gerry letters keeping holly tied past fact pushing future gerry words guide holly slowly embarks journey rediscovery gerry arranged holly friends denise sharon travel homeland ireland arrive destination beautiful irish countryside find letters gerry sharon denise asking denise holly favorite pub meet william singer strongly reminds holly deceased husband stay see last song galway girl dedicates upon hearing overcome emotion walks song gerry sang shortly met vacation fishing trip lose boat oars leaving three women stranded middle lake wait sharon announces pregnant denise reveals getting married news causes holly relapse emotionally withdraw herself rescued william whom sharon denise invite stay night pouring rain unable deny feelings each kiss william holly sex begin conversation deceased husband holly william drive visit laws upon holly revealing names william realizes widow childhood best friend revealing holly causes panic william calms starts tell stories gerry childhood day holly visits gerry parents receives letter gerry reminding meeting arriving home holly withdraws family friends continues become lost inspired gerry finding suspender clips shoes realizes flair designing women shoes enrolls class teaches how actually shoes designed found self confidence allows emerge solitude embrace friends happiness walk mother learns mother whom gerry asked deliver letters death receives last letter film ends holly taking mother trip ireland we see holly opened herself journey beginning chapter life wherever hope falling love,romance,drama
An unmarried couple are forced to adopt a series of pretexts when they stay at a country inn together with only one spare room.[1],unmarried couple forced adopt series pretexts stay country inn together spare room,comedy,drama
Two dance partners become embroiled in a murder mystery when one of the dancers is accused of murder.,dance partners become embroiled murder mystery dancers accused murder,drama,crime
"The story is a melodrama concerning a young woman, played by Yun Bong-choon, who is abused by her stepmother and half-sister. After her stepmother expels her from her home, she stabs her stepmother.",story melodrama concerning young woman played yun bong choon abused stepmother half sister stepmother expels home stabs stepmother,drama,romance
"Ann Darrow, a down-on-her-luck actress looking for work, meets film director Carl Denham, who offers her a job in a new film. They board the Venture to leave for the film shoot. The monkey that lives on board causes trouble throughout the trip. They arrive on the island and the natives, who are friendly to the crew, ask that the crew leave Ann so they can sacrifice her. Ann is then sacrificed to the giant ape King Kong who makes off with her into the jungle. Together they fight a Tyrannosaurus, Pterodactylus and a Titanoboa and are off the island in five minutes. The film then follows Kong's rampage of New York City. Kong takes Ann up on top of the Empire State Building. The biplanes come and attack Kong with guns, but miss most of the time. When all the planes have been knocked down the army sends two blimps with a net in between them to catch Kong. They catch him successfully. Kong tries to get out of the net, but the net rips and when Kong reaches for Ann, he falls from the net. He bangs into a balcony and plummets to the ground. During his fall he is shown crying. Kong's mightyness ends when he slams into the streets of New York. However, Kong survives the fall.",ann darrow luck actress looking work meets film director carl denham offers job film board venture leave film shoot monkey lives board causes trouble throughout trip arrive island natives friendly crew ask crew leave ann sacrifice ann sacrificed giant ape king kong makes jungle together fight tyrannosaurus pterodactylus titanoboa island five minutes film follows kong rampage york city kong ann top empire state building biplanes attack kong guns miss most time planes knocked army sends blimps net catch kong catch successfully kong net net rips kong reaches ann falls net bangs balcony plummets ground fall shown crying kong mightyness ends slams streets york kong survives fall,animation,action
"Jamie McGregor (Barry Evans) is a virginal sixth-former in a swinging sixties new town, delivering groceries for the local supermarket. However he is more interested in matters sexual and sets out to lose his virginity by attempting to seduce the local girls – Linda, Paula, Caroline, Audrey, and his dream girl Mary.",jamie mcgregor barry evans virginal sixth former swinging sixties town delivering groceries local supermarket interested matters sexual sets lose virginity attempting seduce local girls linda paula caroline audrey dream girl mary,drama,comedy
"Hitomi Kanzaki is in crisis. Her life has lost its meaning, and she is plagued by unusual dreams. She is depressed and wants nothing more than to disappear. After falling out with her only friend she is mysteriously summoned to another world, Gaea, where she finds herself inside Escaflowne, a doomsday weapon destined to come to life at the appearance of a prophesied wing goddess. The world of Gaea is facing its own crisis: relentless conquest by the Black Dragon Clan, the rebels against which become convinced that Hitomi is the prophesied goddess who will revive Escaflowne. Never certain of her identity in Gaea, Hitomi finds her destiny as she becomes closer to the rebel leader, Lord Van, and helps to bring about the fall of his vengeful brother Lord Folken, the master of the Black Dragon Clan.",hitomi kanzaki crisis life lost meaning plagued unusual dreams depressed wants nothing than disappear falling friend mysteriously summoned world gaea herself inside escaflowne doomsday weapon destined life appearance prophesied wing goddess world gaea facing crisis relentless conquest black dragon clan rebels against become convinced hitomi prophesied goddess revive escaflowne never certain identity gaea hitomi destiny closer rebel leader lord van helps bring fall vengeful brother lord folken master black dragon clan,animation,drama
"In 2006, Dr. Kate Forrester (Sandra Bullock) is leaving a lake house that she has been renting in Madison, Wisconsin to move to Chicago. Kate leaves a note in the mailbox for the next tenant to forward her mail, adding that the paint-embedded pawprints on the path leading to the house were already there when she arrived. Two years earlier in 2004, Alex Wyler (Reeves), an architect, arrives at the lake house and finds Kate's letter in the mailbox. The house is neglected, with no sign of paw prints anywhere. During the subsequent restoration of the house, a dog runs through Alex's paint and leaves fresh paw prints right where Kate said they would be. Baffled, Alex writes back, asking how Kate knew about the paw prints since the house was unoccupied until he arrived. On Valentine's Day 2006, Kate witnesses a traffic accident near Daley Plaza and tries to save the male victim, unsuccessfully. She impulsively drives back to the lake house, finds Alex's letter and writes back. Both Alex and Kate continue passing messages to each other via the mailbox, and each watches its flag go up and down as the message leaves and the reply arrives as they wait at the mailbox. They cautiously look around each time the flag changes, hoping to somehow spot the other. It is in vain as they are alone at the mailbox. They then discover that they are living exactly two years apart. Their correspondence takes them through several events, including Alex finding a book, Jane Austen's Persuasion, at a railway station where Kate said she would have lost it, and Alex taking Kate on a walking tour of his favorite places in Chicago via an annotated map that he leaves in the mailbox. Alex eventually meets Kate at her boyfriend's party but he doesn't mention their exchange of letters to her because she did not know him at that time. She later remembered the meeting as a vague memory in the past. For Alex, the meeting happened in the present but for Kate, it had already taken place in the past without her knowing that it was Alex. As Alex and Kate continue to write each other, they decide to try to meet again. Alex makes a reservation at the Il Mare restaurant for March 2007 — two years into Alex's future, but only a day away for Kate. Kate goes to the restaurant but Alex fails to show. Heartbroken, Kate asks Alex not to write her again, recounting the accident a year before. Both Alex and Kate leave the lake house, continuing on with their separate lives. On Valentine's Day 2006 for Alex, Valentine's Day 2008 for Kate, he returns to the lake house after something about the day triggers a memory. Meanwhile, Kate goes to an architect to review the renovation plans for a house she wants to buy. A drawing of the lake house on the conference room wall catches her attention and upon asking, Henry Wyler informs her the artist was his brother, Alex, and Kate realizes that this was the same Alex with whom she had been corresponding. She also learns that Alex was killed in a traffic accident exactly two years ago to the day and realizes why he never showed up for their date - he was the man who died in Daley Plaza. Rushing to the lake house, Kate frantically writes a letter telling Alex she loves him, but begs him not to try to find her if he loves her back. Wait two years, she says, and come to the lake house instead. Meanwhile, Alex has gone to Daley Plaza to look for Kate. At the lake house, Kate drops to her knees sobbing, fearing that she has arrived too late to stop Alex. After a long pause, the mailbox flag finally lowers; Alex has picked up her note. Not long afterwards, a familiar mint-green truck pulls up. She walks forward smiling as the driver, clad in jeans and a familiar tan jacket, approaches. She and Alex kiss and walk toward the lake house.",dr kate forrester sandra bullock leaving lake renting madison wisconsin move chicago kate leaves note mailbox tenant forward mail adding paint embedded pawprints path leading were already arrived years earlier alex wyler reeves architect arrives lake kate letter mailbox neglected sign paw prints anywhere subsequent restoration dog runs alex paint leaves fresh paw prints right kate said would baffled alex writes asking how kate knew paw prints since unoccupied until arrived valentine day kate witnesses traffic accident near daley plaza save male victim unsuccessfully impulsively drives lake alex letter writes alex kate continue passing messages each via mailbox each watches flag message leaves reply arrives wait mailbox cautiously look around each time flag changes hoping somehow spot vain alone mailbox discover living exactly years apart correspondence several events including alex finding book jane austen persuasion railway station kate said would lost alex taking kate walking tour favorite places chicago via annotated map leaves mailbox alex meets kate boyfriend party mention exchange letters did know time remembered meeting vague memory past alex meeting happened present kate already taken place past without knowing alex alex kate continue write each decide try meet alex makes reservation il mare restaurant march years alex future day kate kate restaurant alex fails show heartbroken kate alex write recounting accident year alex kate leave lake continuing separate lives valentine day alex valentine day kate returns lake something day triggers memory kate architect review renovation plans wants buy drawing lake conference room wall catches attention upon asking henry wyler informs artist brother alex kate realizes same alex whom corresponding learns alex killed traffic accident exactly years ago day realizes why never showed date died daley plaza rushing lake kate frantically writes letter telling alex loves begs try find loves wait years says lake instead alex gone daley plaza look kate lake kate drops knees sobbing fearing arrived too late stop alex long pause mailbox flag finally lowers alex picked note long afterwards familiar mint green truck pulls walks forward smiling driver clad jeans familiar tan jacket approaches alex kiss walk toward lake,romance,horror
"In 1976, Frank Pesce Jr. (LaPaglia) is a lucky man. His father, Frank Sr. (Aiello), is, however, very unlucky. One day, Frank Jr. buys a lottery ticket and finds that he has a good chance of winning. But Frank Sr. has some gambling debts to the mob and they are willing to take Frank Jr.'s ticket. Frank must decide what to do with the ticket.",frank pesce jr lapaglia lucky frank sr aiello very unlucky day frank jr buys lottery ticket good chance winning frank sr gambling debts mob willing frank jr ticket frank must decide do ticket,drama,comedy
"Jack Deth (Tim Thomerson) is a police trooper in the year 2247 who has been hunting down Martin Whistler, a criminal mastermind who uses psychic powers to turn people into mindless trancers and carry out his orders. Deth can identify a tranced individual by scanning them with a special bracelet. All trancers appear as normal humans at first, but once triggered, they become savage killers with twisted features. Before he can be caught, Whistler escapes back in time using a drug-induced time-traveling technique. Whistler's consciousness leaves his body in 2247 and travels down his ancestral bloodline arriving in 1985 and taking over the body of an ancestor, a Los Angeles police detective named Weisling. Once Deth discovers what Whistler has done, he destroys Whistler's body—effectively leaving him trapped in the past with no vessel to return to—and chases after him through time the same way. Deth ends up in the body of one of his ancestors: a journalist named Phil Dethton. With the help of Phil's girlfriend—a punk rock girl named Leena (Helen Hunt)—Deth goes after Whistler, who has begun to trance other victims. Whistler plots to eliminate the future governing council members of Angel City (the future name of Los Angeles), who are being systematically wiped out of existence by Whistler's murder spree of their own ancestors. Deth arrives too late to prevent most of the murders and can only safeguard Hap Ashby (Biff Manard), a washed-up former pro baseball player, who is the ancestor of the last surviving council member, Chairman Ashe (Anne Seymour). Deth is given some high-tech equipment, which is sent to him in the past: his sidearm (which contains two hidden vials of time drugs to send him and Whistler back to the future), and a long-second wristwatch, which temporarily slows time, stretching one second to ten. The watch has only enough power for one use, but he later receives another watch to pull the same trick again. During the end fight with Whistler, one of the drug vials in Jack's gun breaks, leaving only one vial to get home. Jack is forced to make a choice: kill the innocent Weisling (who is possessed by the evil Whistler), or use the vial to send Whistler back to 2247, which would strand Jack in the present. Jack chooses to inject Weisling with the vial, saving the lieutenant's life but condemning Whistler to an eternity without a body to return to. Jack then decides to remain with Leena in 1985, although observing him from the shadows is McNulty, his boss from the future, who has traveled down his own ancestral line, ending up in the body of a young girl.",jack deth tim thomerson police trooper year hunting martin whistler criminal mastermind uses psychic powers turn people mindless trancers carry orders deth identify tranced individual scanning special bracelet trancers appear normal humans once triggered become savage killers twisted features caught whistler escapes time using drug induced time traveling technique whistler consciousness leaves body travels ancestral bloodline arriving taking body ancestor los angeles police detective named weisling once deth discovers whistler done destroys whistler body effectively leaving trapped past vessel return chases time same deth ends body ancestors journalist named phil dethton phil girlfriend punk rock girl named leena helen hunt deth whistler begun trance victims whistler plots eliminate future governing council members angel city future name los angeles systematically wiped existence whistler murder spree ancestors deth arrives too late prevent most murders safeguard hap ashby biff manard washed former pro baseball player ancestor last surviving council member chairman ashe anne seymour deth given high tech equipment sent past sidearm contains hidden vials time drugs send whistler future long second wristwatch temporarily slows time stretching second ten watch enough power use receives watch pull same trick end fight whistler drug vials jack gun breaks leaving vial home jack forced choice kill innocent weisling possessed evil whistler or use vial send whistler would strand jack present jack chooses inject weisling vial saving lieutenant life condemning whistler eternity without body return jack decides remain leena although observing shadows mcnulty boss future traveled ancestral line ending body young girl,sci-fi,horror
"Tim Doolan (Horovitz), a troubled youth from a broken home in Los Angeles, is sent to a private psychiatric hospital after an altercation with the police turns violent. In the hospital, he makes a connection with Dr. Charles Loftis (Sutherland), a man with issues of his own.",tim doolan horovitz troubled youth broken home los angeles sent private psychiatric hospital altercation police turns violent hospital makes connection dr charles loftis sutherland issues,drama,horror
"Barry (Frank) is a formerly successful insurance executive whose career and life are being destroyed by alcoholism. As the day ends, he is sent to a notorious New York City housing project, the Lincoln Towers, to try and complete a life insurance policy sale to a nice elderly woman named Elva (Frances Foster). Meanwhile, a man named Will (Parker), a soft-spoken but tough employee of the telephone company, also heads to the building to hook up with his girlfriend and repair the phone lines. Unfortunately for Barry, while inquiring where Elva's apartment is, he taps a boy on the shoulder and quickly becomes the hated target of a savage gang called the Vampires, who run the Towers. The gang is led by their ruthless leader the Count (Tony Todd). An attempt to kill him leads to the death of the building's security guard. With Barry's entrapment inside the building, he crosses paths with Will and makes his first reluctant ally willing to help him. They take safety in Elva's apartment, but escape when the Vampires trap them. Leaving Elva behind, they find Elva's determined granddaughter Toni (Stacey Dash), visiting with her neighbors. Toni suggests they go to the apartment of Mr. Parker (Vincent), a unstable yet vicious Vietnam vet the gang fears. Paid for his help, Parker lets the trio in. Then Toni leaves to check on her grandmother. When she arrives, she discovers Elva beaten. And she is forced to reveal where Barry and Will are. The Vampires, holding Elva and Toni hostage, arrive at Parker's apartment. Barry surrenders himself to save them. As Barry and Will exit, Parker and the Vampires engage in a shootout. In the midst of the gunfire, Barry, Will, and Toni escape. When Elva and Parker retreat back inside his apartment, Parker is shot in the chest and a short time later dies. Next, the trio head to the apartment of Chet Cole (Deon Richmond). A little boy, living with his mother, whom they heard is the only one who knows a way out of the building that no one else knows, not even the Vampires. According to Chet, the way out is in the building's basement. Chet offers to show them, but his mother sends him to bed, leading him to sneak out. After saving them from being killed, Chet joins the trio as they descend to the basement through the elevator shaft. In the basement, Chet shows them the way out, but the opening is too small for either Barry or Will to fit through. Toni however is able to fit through and runs to get the police. But when she arrives at the station, the officers refuse to help, due to other officers being shot on a previous visit to the building. While Barry and Will wait, Will comes up with another plan. Using the money that Elva gave Barry earlier in the film, they send Chet back upstairs. With sunrise approaching, Chet litters the money out a window to the Vampires guarding the basement door to the outside. At the same time, the Count and other Vampires realize that after checking every apartment in the building the basement is the only place left to look. When the money distraction works, Barry and Will escape just as the Count and his remaining Vampires arrive, and Barry is shot in the ankle. Outside, Will and a wounded Barry start running as they are being chased and tormented by the last of the gang. Cornered, Will uses the one shot he has left in his gun to protect Barry and himself. He does this by having a final showdown with the Count. As the Count closes in, Will shoots him and struggles with him, until he knocks him to the ground. The Count dies and the other Vampires prepare to gun down Barry and Will. But Elva, using Parker's machine gun, fires shots at them from the apartment window to hold them at bay. Seconds later, Toni and the police finally arrive. Having survived a deadly night against a vicious gang, the film ends with Will and Toni accompanying Barry as he is taken to an ambulance.",barry frank formerly successful insurance executive whose career life destroyed alcoholism day ends sent notorious york city housing project lincoln towers try complete life insurance policy sale nice elderly woman named elva frances foster named parker soft spoken tough employee telephone company heads building hook girlfriend repair phone lines unfortunately barry inquiring elva apartment taps boy shoulder quickly hated target savage gang called vampires run towers gang led ruthless leader count tony todd attempt kill leads death building security guard barry entrapment inside building crosses paths makes reluctant ally willing safety elva apartment escape vampires trap leaving elva behind find elva determined granddaughter toni stacey dash visiting neighbors toni suggests apartment mr parker vincent unstable yet vicious vietnam vet gang fears paid parker lets trio toni leaves check grandmother arrives discovers elva beaten forced reveal barry vampires holding elva toni hostage arrive parker apartment barry surrenders save barry exit parker vampires engage shootout midst gunfire barry toni escape elva parker retreat inside apartment parker shot chest short time dies trio head apartment chet cole deon richmond little boy living mother whom heard knows building else knows even vampires according chet building basement chet offers show mother sends bed leading sneak saving killed chet joins trio descend basement elevator shaft basement chet shows opening too small either barry or fit toni able fit runs police arrives station officers refuse due officers shot previous visit building barry wait plan using money elva gave barry earlier film send chet upstairs sunrise approaching chet litters money window vampires guarding basement door outside same time count vampires realize checking every apartment building basement place left look money distraction works barry escape count remaining vampires arrive barry shot ankle outside wounded barry start running chased tormented last gang cornered uses shot left gun protect barry final showdown count count closes shoots struggles until knocks ground count dies vampires prepare gun barry elva using parker machine gun fires shots apartment window hold bay seconds toni police finally arrive survived deadly night against vicious gang film ends toni accompanying barry taken ambulance,action,horror
"The story starts with Andy Fiddler (Eugene Levy) preparing a speech that he is going to give to a dental convention in Detroit. He works for a dental supply company, and lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Meanwhile, in Detroit, a federal armory (weapons room) of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) has been robbed of assault rifles, handguns and ammunition. An ATF agent was killed and Internal Affairs agent Peters (Miguel Ferrer) suspects the dead agent and his partner Agent Derrick Vann (Samuel L. Jackson) were in on the robbery. After a visit to his informant Booty (Anthony Mackie) (who is later gunned down), Vann, attempting to clear his name, sets up a buy. He is to go to a diner and be reading a copy of the newspaper USA Today to be recognized. Unfortunately, Andy is also in the diner, and he has a copy of USA Today. He is mistaken for Vann. A menacing Englishman called Joey (Luke Goss) sits next to Andy and hands him a paper bag with his taste in it then leaves. The bag contains a cell phone and a gun, which Andy pulls out. The waitress of the diner thinks than Andy is there to rob the place and panics. An arriving Vann arrests Andy, before realizing that the gun traffickers mistook Andy for Vann himself. The received cell phone rings and Vann answers the call. The caller is Joey, who wants Turk (the pseudonym that Vann used when setting up the buy) to drop $20,000 dollars in a certain trash can. Vann reveals that he has the money, but now needs Andy to deliver it. The initial attempt to deliver the money to the gun traffickers fails due to the interference of a bystander. Vann gets another cell phone call from Joey, asking him what happened. He tells Joey that there were complications, and Joey agrees to arrange another attempt at delivery. Meanwhile, Andy tries to escape and Vann shoots after him, grazing him with a gunshot to the rear. Andy uses the cell phone to call the local police for help, resulting in the capture of both of them by arriving squad cars. The police releases Vann after learning that he is an ATF agent, but they discover there is an outstanding warrant for Andy. He reportedly only purchased a stolen rug without knowing of its origins, but he is still suspected of criminal activity. Vann arranges the release of Andy, to use him in his case against the gun traffickers. Vann tries to contact gun dealer Manny Cortez for help with the case, but finds Manny murdered in his own house. Andy attempts to escape again and fails. Vann then receives a phone call from his ex-wife Dara (Rachael Crawford), who reminds him about the upcoming dance recital of their daughter Kate (Tomorrow Baldwin Montgomery). He then receives another phone call from Joey, who now asks for 500,000 dollars for the whole batch of weapons. Vann has Andy pose as a powerful trafficker for a meeting with Joey in a restaurant. Andy improvises by returning the cell phone to Joey and telling him that their next meeting will be on his terms. Andy plans to use the next meeting to set up a trap for Joey. Andy then convinces Vann that he should attend his daughter's recital, and both men attend it. Andy and Vann eventually arrange a meeting with Joey, but (against Andy's original plan) they have failed to arrange backup from any law enforcement agency. Joey has never met Vann before and asks who he is. Andy claims that Vann is someone who will do anything they tell him. Vann admits this, and claims that he is betraying the service in pursuit of monetary gain. Joey is suitably convinced and agrees to work with him. Following the meeting, Andy and Vann part ways. Andy stays in Detroit as planned and delivers his speech. He is then captured by agent Peters, who wants to use him against Vann. Peters claims that Vann is corrupt, that he is actually trying to buy the guns for himself, and that Vann himself murdered Booty, Manny Cortez and Vann's own partner. Peters wants Andy to wear a wire and get a confession out of Vann. Meanwhile, back at ATF offices, Vann is suspended, and his boss (Susie Essman) tells him that Andy was setting him up. Andy, now wired, enters Vann's office and says they need to talk. The two men drive to the exchange point to deliver the money. Vann suspects that Andy is wired and asks him about it. Andy admits it. Vann and Andy enter the barn where the exchange is going to take place. This time Joey is skeptical of their motives and pulls a gun on Vann. The law enforcement agents hear everything through the wire, and soon arrive to arrest Joey. Andy manages to disarm Joey, though Vann still receives a bullet wound in the buttocks. Vann delivers Andy to the airport for his flight back to Milwaukee and the two men say goodbye. Vann accidentally sets off the metal detectors in the airport and blames it on Andy. The story ends with a protesting Andy being led away by airport security for a body cavity search.",story starts andy fiddler eugene levy preparing speech going give dental convention detroit works dental supply company lives milwaukee wisconsin detroit federal armory weapons room bureau alcohol tobacco firearms explosives atf robbed assault rifles handguns ammunition atf agent killed internal affairs agent peters miguel ferrer suspects dead agent partner agent derrick vann samuel l jackson were robbery visit informant booty anthony mackie gunned vann attempting clear name sets buy diner reading copy newspaper usa today recognized unfortunately andy diner copy usa today mistaken vann menacing englishman called joey luke goss sits andy hands paper bag taste leaves bag contains cell phone gun andy pulls waitress diner thinks than andy rob place panics arriving vann arrests andy realizing gun traffickers mistook andy vann received cell phone rings vann answers call caller joey wants turk pseudonym vann used setting buy drop dollars certain trash vann reveals money needs andy deliver initial attempt deliver money gun traffickers fails due interference bystander vann cell phone call joey asking happened joey were complications joey agrees arrange attempt delivery andy escape vann shoots grazing gunshot rear andy uses cell phone call local police resulting capture arriving squad cars police releases vann learning atf agent discover outstanding warrant andy reportedly purchased stolen rug without knowing origins suspected criminal activity vann arranges release andy use case against gun traffickers vann contact gun dealer manny cortez case manny murdered andy attempts escape fails vann receives phone call ex wife dara rachael crawford reminds upcoming dance recital daughter kate tomorrow baldwin montgomery receives phone call joey dollars whole batch weapons vann andy pose powerful trafficker meeting joey restaurant andy improvises returning cell phone joey telling meeting terms andy plans use meeting set trap joey andy convinces vann should attend daughter recital men attend andy vann arrange meeting joey against andy original plan failed arrange backup any law enforcement agency joey never met vann andy claims vann someone do anything tell vann admits claims betraying service pursuit monetary gain joey suitably convinced agrees work following meeting andy vann part ways andy stays detroit planned delivers speech captured agent peters wants use against vann peters claims vann corrupt actually trying buy guns vann murdered booty manny cortez vann partner peters wants andy wear wire confession vann atf offices vann suspended boss susie essman andy setting andy wired enters vann office says need talk men drive exchange point deliver money vann suspects andy wired andy admits vann andy enter barn exchange going place time joey skeptical motives pulls gun vann law enforcement agents hear everything wire arrive arrest joey andy manages disarm joey though vann receives bullet wound buttocks vann delivers andy airport flight milwaukee men say goodbye vann accidentally sets metal detectors airport blames andy story ends protesting andy led airport security body cavity search,comedy,crime
"In 1843, on Christmas Eve, Ebenezer Scrooge, a miserly old moneylender at a London counting house, does not share the merriment of Christmas. He declines his cheerful nephew Fred Holywell's invitation to a Christmas dinner party, and rejects two gentlemen's offer to collect money for charity. His loyal employee Bob Cratchit asks Scrooge to allow him to have a day off on Christmas Day to spend time with his family, to which Scrooge reluctantly agrees before leaving. In his house, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his deceased business partner Jacob Marley, who warns him to repent his wicked ways or he will be condemned in the afterlife like he was, carrying heavy chains forged from his own greediness. Jacob informs Scrooge that three spirits will visit to guide him out of his misery. Scrooge is visited by the candle-like Ghost of Christmas Past, who takes him back in time to his early life. They visit Scrooge's boarding school and Scrooge sees his sister Fanie, who died after giving birth to Fred. Scrooge later begins a successful career in business and money lending as an employee under Fezziwig, and he becomes engaged to a woman named Belle. However, the Ghost shows Scrooge how Belle left him when he became obsessed with wealth. A devastated Scrooge extinguishes the spirit with its candle snuffer cap but Scrooge is rocketed thousands of feet into the air while clinging onto the snuffer, only to have it disappear, resulting in Scrooge falling down to earth, back into his bedroom for the next visitation. Scrooge meets the merry Ghost of Christmas Present, which shows him the joys and wonder of Christmas Day. Scrooge and the Ghost visit Bob's house, learning his family is content with their small dinner, Scrooge taking pity on Bob's ill son Tiny Tim. The Ghost abruptly ages, commenting that Tiny Tim will likely not survive until next Christmas. The Ghost warns Scrooge about the evils of Ignorance and Want; Big Ben begins tolling midnight as Ignorance and Want manifest themselves before Scrooge as two wretched children who grow into violent, insane individuals, leaving the spirit withering away, dying at length when midnight strikes (to the point of dissolving into a skeleton before the twelfth strike). The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come arrives, appearing as a dark shadow, and takes Scrooge into the future. He witnesses a group of businessmen discussing the death of an unnamed man where they would only attend the funeral if lunch is provided; Scrooge is then chased across London by the Ghost and later discovers that his possessions are stolen and sold by his maid Mrs. Dilber. Shortly afterwards, Scrooge sees a covered corpse on a bed, followed by his nephew's family relieved he is dead, as they have more time to pay off their debt. The spirit transports Scrooge to Bob's residence, discovering that Tiny Tim has died. Scrooge is then taken to a cemetery, where the Ghost points out his own grave, confirming Scrooge was the man who died. Scrooge promises to change his ways just as the Ghost shows his face and forces him to fall into his empty coffin lying in a deep grave that sits above the fires of Hell. Waking up in his own room on Christmas Day, with love and happiness in his heart, a gleeful Scrooge decides to surprise Bob's family with a turkey dinner, and ventures out with the charity workers and the citizens of London to spread happiness in the city, and later attends his nephew's annual Christmas dinner, where he is warmly welcomed. The following day, he gives Cratchit a raise and becomes like a second father to Tiny Tim, who escapes death. A changed man, Scrooge now treats everyone with kindness, generosity, and compassion; he now embodies the spirit of Christmas.",christmas eve ebenezer scrooge miserly old moneylender london counting share merriment christmas declines cheerful nephew fred holywell invitation christmas dinner party rejects gentlemen offer collect money charity loyal employee bob cratchit scrooge allow day christmas day spend time family scrooge reluctantly agrees leaving scrooge visited ghost deceased business partner jacob marley warns repent wicked ways or condemned afterlife like carrying heavy chains forged greediness jacob informs scrooge three spirits visit guide misery scrooge visited candle like ghost christmas past time early life visit scrooge boarding school scrooge sees sister fanie died giving birth fred scrooge successful career business money lending employee under fezziwig engaged woman named belle ghost shows scrooge how belle left became obsessed wealth devastated scrooge extinguishes spirit candle snuffer cap scrooge rocketed thousands feet air clinging onto snuffer disappear resulting scrooge falling earth bedroom visitation scrooge meets merry ghost christmas present shows joys wonder christmas day scrooge ghost visit bob learning family content small dinner scrooge taking pity bob ill son tiny tim ghost abruptly ages commenting tiny tim likely survive until christmas ghost warns scrooge evils ignorance want big ben tolling midnight ignorance want manifest themselves scrooge wretched children grow violent insane individuals leaving spirit withering dying length midnight strikes point dissolving skeleton twelfth strike ghost christmas yet arrives appearing dark shadow scrooge future witnesses group businessmen discussing death unnamed would attend funeral lunch provided scrooge chased across london ghost discovers possessions stolen sold maid mrs dilber shortly afterwards scrooge sees covered corpse bed followed nephew family relieved dead time pay debt spirit transports scrooge bob residence discovering tiny tim died scrooge taken cemetery ghost points grave confirming scrooge died scrooge promises change ways ghost shows face forces fall empty coffin lying deep grave sits above fires hell waking room christmas day love happiness heart gleeful scrooge decides surprise bob family turkey dinner ventures charity workers citizens london spread happiness city attends nephew annual christmas dinner warmly welcomed following day gives cratchit raise like second tiny tim escapes death changed scrooge treats everyone kindness generosity compassion embodies spirit christmas,animation,horror
"A novelist (Patrick Holt) and his wife (Diana Dors) are sleeping peacefully in their new cottage when a mysterious older lady (Cicely Courtneidge) arrives, apparently stranded in a storm. She hands the writer her gun and some jewellery for safe-keeping, and asks for a bed for the night. Unfortunately, someone shoots her during the night and the author is accused of the crime. He is forced to turn detective to defend himself.",novelist patrick holt wife diana dors sleeping peacefully cottage mysterious older lady cicely courtneidge arrives apparently stranded storm hands writer gun jewellery safe keeping bed night unfortunately someone shoots night author accused crime forced turn detective defend,comedy,drama
"The drama related the tale of ex-racketeer Chet Chester (Corey) who is blackmailed by his former criminal partners. Chester's girlfriend Sally (Nancy Gates) kills one of his enemies. But Chester takes the blame, assuming that he has still got enough clout to escape with a light sentence. Meanwhile, Dona Williams (Keyes) flies to Hawaii because she is certain that Chester is her long-lost husband who was thought to have died at Pearl Harbor.",drama related tale ex racketeer chet chester corey blackmailed former criminal partners chester girlfriend sally nancy gates kills enemies chester blame assuming got enough clout escape light sentence dona williams keyes flies hawaii certain chester long lost husband thought died pearl harbor,crime,drama
The film is all about a traffic constable Venkata (Ramesh) who dreams big to become a commissioner. Situations provoke him to become a target for all the troubles that happen around him. Later he is sent as an undercover cop to a college. His duty is to bust the terrorist who are stealing the chemicals from that college to prepare bombs. How he comes out of the trouble and reaches his aim forms the rest of the plot told in a hilarious manner.,film traffic constable venkata ramesh dreams big become commissioner situations provoke become target troubles happen around sent undercover cop college duty bust terrorist stealing chemicals college prepare bombs how trouble reaches aim forms rest plot told hilarious manner,comedy,action
"While staying in a small French coastal town, a young English woman falls in love with a French cavalry officer. Their romance is dramatically cut short when she is sent back to England to finish her education in a convent, while he is wrongly accused of being a spy by a rival officer and sentenced to imprisonment on Devil's Island. She settles down to a comfortable and respectable marriage with a wealthy Englishman. Ten years later, however, she is threatened with blackmail, and her former lover escapes from Devil's Island to come to her aid. Seriously ill from his time on the penal colony, he dies shortly afterwards.",staying small french coastal town young english woman falls love french cavalry officer romance dramatically cut short sent england finish education convent wrongly accused spy rival officer sentenced imprisonment devil island settles comfortable respectable marriage wealthy englishman ten years threatened blackmail former lover escapes devil island aid seriously ill time penal colony dies shortly afterwards,crime,drama
"The movie begins with Jeeva (Prabhu), running away from his village to Chennai fearing a possible marriage with the daughter of a local chieftain (Radharavi), arranged by his father. He joins his old-friend Velu (Vadivelu), who runs an eatery in the city. Meanwhile, he saves a youth (Mahandahi Shankar), a henchman of a local goon Singam (Karthick) from some gangsters. Thus he gets the acquaintance of Singam. Meanwhile Singam come across Abi (Flora), a research scholar and Jeeva meets Divya (Manya). Both fall in love with them. Enters another goon (Raj Kapoor), who leaves his stolen money with Singam. He runs behind Singam to get the money back. Meanwhile Radharavi and his men come down to Chennai in search of Jeeva. Following a mishap, Jeeva admits Singam and an old woman Lakshmi (Latha) in a hospital. Mistaking Jeeva to be their missing grandson, Vijayakumar (father of Latha) and his relatives take him to Ooty. Fearing the Nattamai, Jeeva decides to go to Ooty and acts as their grandson. Comes Singam with a plan to murder Vijayakumar. However he manages to win the heart of the family members and they arrange for Jeeva and Singam's wedding with Vijayakumar's grand daughters Abi and Divya. Raj Kapoor and Radharavi enter the scene and all confusion begins. The rest is all but how both Jeeva and Singam succeed in walking away with Abi and Divya.",movie jeeva prabhu running village chennai fearing possible marriage daughter local chieftain radharavi arranged joins old friend velu vadivelu runs eatery city saves youth mahandahi shankar henchman local goon singam karthick gangsters thus acquaintance singam singam across abi flora research scholar jeeva meets divya manya fall love enters goon raj kapoor leaves stolen money singam runs behind singam money radharavi men chennai search jeeva following mishap jeeva admits singam old woman lakshmi latha hospital mistaking jeeva missing grandson vijayakumar latha relatives ooty fearing nattamai jeeva decides ooty acts grandson singam plan murder vijayakumar manages win heart family members arrange jeeva singam wedding vijayakumar grand daughters abi divya raj kapoor radharavi enter scene confusion rest how jeeva singam succeed walking abi divya,comedy,romance
"A young honey bee named Barry B. Benson (Jerry Seinfeld) has recently graduated from college and is about to enter the hive's Honex Industries honey-making workforce alongside his best friend Adam Flayman (Matthew Broderick). Barry is initially excited to join the workforce, but his courageous, non-conformist attitude emerges upon discovering that his choice of job will never change once picked. Later, the two bees run into a group of Pollen Jocks, bees who collect pollen from flowers outside the hive. The Jocks offer to take Barry outside the hive to a flower patch, and he accepts. While on his first pollen-gathering expedition in New York City, Barry gets lost in the rain, and ends up on the balcony of a human florist named Vanessa (Renée Zellweger). Upon noticing Barry, Vanessa's boyfriend Ken (Patrick Warburton) attempts to squash him, but Vanessa gently catches and releases Barry outside the window, saving his life. Barry later returns to express his gratitude to Vanessa, breaking the sacred rule that bees are not supposed to communicate with humans. Barry and Vanessa develop a close bond, bordering on attraction, and spend time together frequently. Later, while Barry and Vanessa are walking through a grocery store, Barry is horrified to discover that the humans have been stealing and eating the bees' honey for centuries. He decides to journey to Honey Farms, which supplies the grocery store with its honey. Furious at the poor treatment of the bees in the hive, including the use of bee smokers to subdue the colony, Barry decides to sue the human race to put an end to the exploitation of bees. Barry's mission attracts wide attention from bees and humans alike, and hundreds of people show up to watch the trial. Although Barry is up against tough defense attorney Layton T. Montgomery (John Goodman) the trial's first day goes well. That evening, Barry is having dinner with Vanessa when Ken shows up. Vanessa leaves the room, and Ken expresses to Barry that he hates the pair spending time together. When Barry leaves to use the restroom, Ken ambushes Barry and attempts to kill him, only for Vanessa to intervene and break up with Ken. The next day at the trial, Montgomery taunts the bees, which causes Adam to sting him. Adam's actions jeopardize the bees' credibility and put his life in danger, though he manages to survive. While visiting Adam in the hospital, Barry notices two people smoking outside, and is struck by inspiration. The next day, Barry wins the trial by exposing the jury to the cruel treatment bees are subjected to, particularly the smoker, and humans are banned from stealing honey from bees ever again. Having lost the trial, Montgomery cryptically warns Barry that a negative shift in the balance of nature is imminent. As it turns out, the sudden, massive stockpile of honey has put every bee out of a job, including the vitally important Pollen Jocks. As a result, without anything to pollinate them, the world's flowers slowly begin to die out. Before long, the only flowers left with healthy pollen are those in a flower parade called The Tournament of Roses in Pasadena, California. Barry and Vanessa travel to the parade and steal a parade float, which they load onto a plane to be delivered to the bees so they can re-pollinate the world's flowers. When the plane's pilot and copilot are knocked unconscious, Vanessa is forced to land the plane, with help from Barry and the bees from Barry's hive. Armed with the pollen of the last flowers, Barry and the Pollen Jocks manage to reverse the damage and save the world's flowers, restarting the bees' honey production. Humans and bees are seen working together, and certain brands of honey are now bee-approved. Barry becomes a member of the Pollen Jocks, helping to pollinate the world's plants. Barry is also seen running a law firm inside Vanessa's flower shop, titled Insects at Law, handling disputes between animals and humans. The film ends with Barry flying off to a flower patch with the Pollen Jocks.",young honey bee named barry b benson jerry seinfeld recently graduated college enter hive honex industries honey making workforce alongside best friend adam flayman matthew broderick barry initially excited join workforce courageous non conformist attitude emerges upon discovering choice job never change once picked bees run group pollen jocks bees collect pollen flowers outside hive jocks offer barry outside hive flower patch accepts pollen gathering expedition york city barry lost rain ends balcony human florist named vanessa ren e zellweger upon noticing barry vanessa boyfriend ken patrick warburton attempts squash vanessa gently catches releases barry outside window saving life barry returns express gratitude vanessa breaking sacred rule bees supposed communicate humans barry vanessa develop close bond bordering attraction spend time together frequently barry vanessa walking grocery store barry horrified discover humans stealing eating bees honey centuries decides journey honey farms supplies grocery store honey furious poor treatment bees hive including use bee smokers subdue colony barry decides sue human race put end exploitation bees barry mission attracts wide attention bees humans alike hundreds people show watch trial although barry against tough defense attorney layton t montgomery john goodman trial day well evening barry dinner vanessa ken shows vanessa leaves room ken expresses barry hates pair spending time together barry leaves use restroom ken ambushes barry attempts kill vanessa intervene break ken day trial montgomery taunts bees causes adam sting adam actions jeopardize bees credibility put life danger though manages survive visiting adam hospital barry notices people smoking outside struck inspiration day barry wins trial exposing jury cruel treatment bees subjected particularly smoker humans banned stealing honey bees ever lost trial montgomery cryptically warns barry negative shift balance nature imminent turns sudden massive stockpile honey put every bee job including vitally important pollen jocks result without anything pollinate world flowers slowly begin die long flowers left healthy pollen those flower parade called tournament roses pasadena california barry vanessa travel parade steal parade float load onto plane delivered bees re pollinate world flowers plane pilot copilot knocked unconscious vanessa forced land plane barry bees barry hive armed pollen last flowers barry pollen jocks manage reverse damage save world flowers restarting bees honey production humans bees seen working together certain brands honey bee approved barry member pollen jocks helping pollinate world plants barry seen running law firm inside vanessa flower shop titled insects law handling disputes animals humans film ends barry flying flower patch pollen jocks,animation,comedy
"For Kala, a boy from a village in Punjab, India, it is a love at first sight when he sees Aleesha, an Indo-Canadian girl. Kala also helps clear obstacles in the way of marriage of his brother Roop to his white Canadian girlfriend, Julia. Kala fights the cultural and historical differences to bring together and unite the two families. The film is shot at locations in India and Canada.",kala boy village punjab india love sight sees aleesha indo canadian girl kala helps clear obstacles marriage brother roop white canadian girlfriend julia kala fights cultural historical differences bring together unite families film shot locations india canada,comedy,romance
"In 1968, Justin McLeod has been living an isolated existence as a reclusive painter for the past seven years, following a car accident which left him disfigured on the right side of his face and chest by burns sustained in a post-crash fire. Young Chuck Nordstadt endures a dysfunctional relationship with his sister and their widowed mother. One day, Chuck meets McLeod on a ferry; Chuck is both intrigued and slightly scared of him. Chuck needs a tutor to help him pass a military academy's entrance exam. Eventually, Chuck persuades McLeod to become his teacher; although he is initially baffled by McLeod's unorthodox methods, the two develop a close friendship. Chuck keeps his daily meetings with McLeod a secret, to avoid being scorned for associating with a disfigured man whose past is shrouded in mystery. No one knows much about McLeod and few people have ever made an effort to know him; this has made McLeod the object of gossip, speculation, and suspicion. Ultimately, Widow Nordstadt learns that her son has been visiting McLeod. She and the rest of the town convince themselves that McLeod is molesting Chuck, despite Chuck's adamant denials. Chuck researches McLeod's car accident, which involved the death of another boy, hence McLeod's fear of another attachment. Chuck is forcibly taken to a psychiatrist, who Chuck accurately suspects is also biased against McLeod. Chuck inevitably confronts McLeod to learn the truth of his disfigurement and to discover the identity of that youth who was killed in the same car crash. As it turns out, the other boy was a student of McLeod's. Consequently, McLeod was unjustly branded a pedophile, was exiled from his hometown, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and served three years in prison. Once his relationship with Chuck is openly known, McLeod is once again run out of town and ordered by the authorities to have no contact with Chuck. On his way out of town, McLeod leaves Chuck a note; it wishes him the best of luck in his academic goals and reminds him to be tolerant with people who are different. In the film's finale, Chuck is shown graduating from the military academy as his sister and their mom look on proudly. Chuck sees a familiar figure in the background and recognizes it as his faceless tutor.",justin mcleod living isolated existence reclusive painter past seven years following car accident left disfigured right side face chest burns sustained post crash fire young chuck nordstadt endures dysfunctional relationship sister widowed mother day chuck meets mcleod ferry chuck intrigued slightly scared chuck needs tutor pass military academy entrance exam chuck persuades mcleod become teacher although initially baffled mcleod unorthodox methods develop close friendship chuck keeps daily meetings mcleod secret avoid scorned associating disfigured whose past shrouded mystery knows much mcleod few people ever made effort know made mcleod object gossip speculation suspicion ultimately widow nordstadt learns son visiting mcleod rest town convince themselves mcleod molesting chuck despite chuck adamant denials chuck researches mcleod car accident involved death boy hence mcleod fear attachment chuck forcibly taken psychiatrist chuck accurately suspects biased against mcleod chuck inevitably confronts mcleod learn truth disfigurement discover identity youth killed same car crash turns boy student mcleod consequently mcleod unjustly branded pedophile exiled hometown convicted involuntary manslaughter served three years prison once relationship chuck openly known mcleod once run town ordered authorities contact chuck town mcleod leaves chuck note wishes best luck academic goals reminds tolerant people different film finale chuck shown graduating military academy sister mom look proudly chuck sees familiar figure background recognizes faceless tutor,drama,action
"Manoharlal Agarwal (played by Om Shivpuri) and Satyaprakash Agarwal (played by Arvind Deshpande) are wealthy businessmen and close friends. Manoharlal enters into a dispute with Hariram and to solve this he asks his friend Satyaprakash to be the sole arbitrator. To bond their friendship more, Manoharlal proposes to wed his daughter Nirmala (played by Madhu Kapoor[5]) with Satyaprakash's son Ajay (played by Arun Govil). He also proposes this in order to get favour from Satyaprakash in his case. Given the acceptances from both the families, Nirmala and Ajay keep meeting each other and soon fall in love. They are also engaged. But as the events in the case turn out, Satyaprakash gives his decision in favour of Hariram. This agitates Manoharlal and in vengeance he decides to break off the wedding. With his power of money he also gets himself appointed as a sole arbitrator in one of the cases involving Satyaprakash. He then decides to rule against Satyaprakash and ruin him financially. Nirmala is also made to marry another man, Murli. But just before the wedding, she decides to elope with Ajay. Seeing that her daughter has departed, Nirmala's mother goes in shock and falls critically ill. Hence Ajay brings back Nirmala so that her mother can feel better. In the case, Manoharlal sees how Satyaprakash is really innocent. Hence, with all the truth in front of him, he is unable to give a false verdict just for the sake of his vengeance. He thus realises in what situation Satyaprakash had been when he ruled and realises how the truth needs no support and always wins. They both patch up their animosity and the two lovers, Nirmala and Ajay, also get married.",manoharlal agarwal played om shivpuri satyaprakash agarwal played arvind deshpande wealthy businessmen close friends manoharlal enters dispute hariram solve friend satyaprakash sole arbitrator bond friendship manoharlal proposes wed daughter nirmala played madhu kapoor satyaprakash son ajay played arun govil proposes order favour satyaprakash case given acceptances families nirmala ajay keep meeting each fall love engaged events case turn satyaprakash gives decision favour hariram agitates manoharlal vengeance decides break wedding power money appointed sole arbitrator cases involving satyaprakash decides rule against satyaprakash ruin financially nirmala made marry murli wedding decides elope ajay seeing daughter departed nirmala mother shock falls critically ill hence ajay brings nirmala mother feel better case manoharlal sees how satyaprakash really innocent hence truth front unable give false verdict sake vengeance thus realises situation satyaprakash ruled realises how truth needs support always wins patch animosity lovers nirmala ajay married,drama,romance
"Bernard Bernie Webber, a crewman at the Coast Guard station in Chatham, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod, has fallen in love with a local girl, Miriam Pentinen. The two plan to marry on April 16, but in accordance with Coast Guard regulations, Bernie must seek permission from the station's commander, Daniel Cluff. On the day he is due to ask permission, the oil tanker SS Pendleton shears in half off the Chatham coast after getting caught in a nor'easter. With the majority of the station's crew already underway with the rescue of the similarly damaged SS Fort Mercer, Bernie is dispatched to pilot motor lifeboat CG 36500 to rescue the crew of Pendleton. Andrew Fitzgerald, Ervin Maske, and Richard P. Livesey volunteer to join Bernie on the rescue mission. Meanwhile, the Pendleton's engineer, Ray Sybert, as the surviving senior officer, organizes the surviving seamen to steer the sinking stern of the tanker onto a submerged reef, where it can lodge until rescuers arrive. When Miriam hears that Bernie is leading the rescue effort, she, like a number of townspeople, thinks this is a suicide mission. Few people in Chatham trust Cluff, since he is not from the area and does not know its treacherous weather. Miriam drives to the station, demanding that Cluff call Bernie back. Cluff refuses, and brusquely orders Miriam out. Between the Chatham harbor and the open sea lies a bar, a series of shoals that are very dangerous even in good weather. Bernie must time bursts of his engine to ride each approaching wave before it breaks as he pilots CG 36500 across the bar. Although he makes it over the bar, he loses his compass. Bernie steers CG 36500 to the stricken tanker. Although his boat's designated capacity is only 12 people, Bernie manages to rescue 32 crewmen. The stern of Pendleton begins sinking more rapidly during the rescue and goes down shortly after the last crewman comes aboard Bernie's boat. Relying on his knowledge of the coast and prevailing winds in place of his compass, Bernie steers CG 36500 toward home—a task made more difficult as Chatham loses power. Miriam and the other townspeople drive their cars to the pier and turn on their headlights to guide Bernie in. The film shows photographs from the event that briefly document the aftermath of the rescue. Two months later, Bernie and Miriam marry; they stay together for 58 years until Bernie's death in 2009. Webber and his crew receive the Gold Lifesaving Medal.",bernard bernie webber crewman coast guard station chatham massachusetts cape cod fallen love local girl miriam pentinen plan marry april accordance coast guard regulations bernie must seek permission station commander daniel cluff day due ask permission oil tanker ss pendleton shears half chatham coast getting caught nor easter majority station crew already underway rescue similarly damaged ss fort mercer bernie dispatched pilot motor lifeboat cg rescue crew pendleton andrew fitzgerald ervin maske richard p livesey volunteer join bernie rescue mission pendleton engineer ray sybert surviving senior officer organizes surviving seamen steer sinking stern tanker onto submerged reef lodge until rescuers arrive miriam hears bernie leading rescue effort like number townspeople thinks suicide mission few people chatham trust cluff since area know treacherous weather miriam drives station demanding cluff call bernie cluff refuses brusquely orders miriam chatham harbor open sea lies bar series shoals very dangerous even good weather bernie must time bursts engine ride each approaching wave breaks pilots cg across bar although makes bar loses compass bernie steers cg stricken tanker although boat designated capacity people bernie manages rescue crewmen stern pendleton sinking rapidly rescue shortly last crewman aboard bernie boat relying knowledge coast prevailing winds place compass bernie steers cg toward home task made difficult chatham loses power miriam townspeople drive cars pier turn headlights guide bernie film shows photographs event briefly document aftermath rescue months bernie miriam marry stay together years until bernie death webber crew receive gold lifesaving medal,drama,action
"The year is 2013. Skyscraper bombings are happening all over the world, by the direction of a force called His Voice. 27 years after the 00 Cyborg team disbanded, 007 now works for the British SIS and 002 now works for The USA's NSA after a falling out with the team and Joe. The two agents meet at a bar in New York City to exchange intel about His Voice and Pyunma's findings of a fossil which resembles an angel's skeleton possibly being related to it. The intelligence agencies of the world are all whispering about the incidents being related to His Voice, the unknown entity that is controlling operatives of the bombings. Joe Shimamura, who had his memories blocked and reset every 3 years by Professor Gilmore, is now a typical high school student, falsely believing that he has an unseen family and friends due to the Augmented Reality implanted in his brain. He also has a girlfriend named Tomoe, who seems familiar to him in some way. However, Joe is hearing His Voice due to his cybernetic brain. We learn that he was about to plant a bomb at the Roppongi Hills Tower, until 005 and 003 came to reactivate his memories. Dr. Isaac Gilmore suspects that these were orchestrated by the United States government's National Security Agency, in a bid to regain dominance as a global superpower. In Dubai, a B-2 bomber flown by a US Air Force pilot under the control of His Voice launches missiles at the city, with 002 in pursuit to intercept. 009 appears and uses his Acceleration mode to destroy the missiles. After 009 gets knocked off the plane by 002 in a fight, the pilot fires a nuclear bomb which destroys the entire city and kills the population of Dubai. 009 uses his Acceleration Mode to outrun the blast, but is left unconscious and lying on the beach. In his mind, he pictures himself in the burned out city, despondent over his failure. Tomoe appears to comfort him, and remind him of his purpose. Due to the EMP effects of the nuclear blast, communications are down and the team thinks Joe is dead. Nuclear missiles are fired and 003 fires interceptors and disables all of them except for one. With no time to lose, Joe requests 001 to teleport him into space to disarm the missile. 001 agrees but states he will be unable to return him to Earth at that distance, as Ivan would exhaust his power doing so. 002 flies up to try to help 009 but ends up burning out his rockets and damaging his stabilizers, causing him to plummet towards Earth. Joe then speaks to God and says that while humanity is foolish and causes suffering towards each other, he believes in them because they have such great potential to go beyond those vices and make their dreams become reality. He then pleads to him that the earth be spared, only for the bomb to detonate in space with Joe on top of it, the light of the explosion forming a cross. Francoise watches two falling stars, and silently prays upon both. After some indeterminate point of time, Joe finds himself waking up in an apartment in a place that appears to be Venice, and sees Francoise walking across a canal. She explains that he's in her safe house. Jet, Great Britain, and Pyunma also find themselves in the mysterious city, which Dr. Gilmore explains is the world created by His Voice. Back in the safe house, Joe and Fran talk about God for a bit and then the camera pans behind them to reveal that one of the angel skeletons is in her living room as a decoration. The movie's final shot after the credits roll ends with the image of an angel skeleton on the surface of the Moon.",year skyscraper bombings happening world direction force called voice years cyborg team disbanded works british sis works usa nsa falling team joe agents meet bar york city exchange intel voice pyunma findings fossil resembles angel skeleton possibly related intelligence agencies world whispering incidents related voice unknown entity controlling operatives bombings joe shimamura memories blocked reset every years professor gilmore typical high school student falsely believing unseen family friends due augmented reality implanted brain girlfriend named tomoe seems familiar joe hearing voice due cybernetic brain we learn plant bomb roppongi hills tower until came reactivate memories dr isaac gilmore suspects these were orchestrated united states government national security agency bid regain dominance global superpower dubai b bomber flown us air force pilot under control voice launches missiles city pursuit intercept appears uses acceleration mode destroy missiles knocked plane fight pilot fires nuclear bomb destroys entire city kills population dubai uses acceleration mode outrun blast left unconscious lying beach mind pictures burned city despondent failure tomoe appears comfort remind purpose due emp effects nuclear blast communications team thinks joe dead nuclear missiles fired fires interceptors disables except time lose joe requests teleport space disarm missile agrees states unable return earth distance ivan would exhaust power doing flies try ends burning rockets damaging stabilizers causing plummet towards earth joe speaks god says humanity foolish causes suffering towards each believes such great potential beyond those vices dreams become reality pleads earth spared bomb detonate space joe top light explosion forming cross francoise watches falling stars silently prays upon indeterminate point time joe waking apartment place appears venice sees francoise walking across canal explains safe jet great britain pyunma find themselves mysterious city dr gilmore explains world created voice safe joe fran talk god bit camera pans behind reveal angel skeletons living room decoration movie final shot credits roll ends image angel skeleton surface moon,animation,sci-fi
"Nobita and his dad buy a big rhinoceros beetle, which he promises to his dad to take good care of it. Later, Doraemon's group finds a strange island where a tribe co-exists with prehistoric creatures long believed to extinct yet preserved by a mythical beetle spirit named Golden Hercules. However, the group has to deal with a group of criminals from the future who intend to capture Golden Hercules for a profit.",nobita dad buy big rhinoceros beetle promises dad good care doraemon group strange island tribe co exists prehistoric creatures long believed extinct yet preserved mythical beetle spirit named golden hercules group deal group criminals future intend capture golden hercules profit,animation,comedy
A student of Sacred Heart Medical College is found murdered in mysterious circumstances. Police begin the investigation but soon two more girls are found murdered in the college campus. Daisy Wilfred IPS (Vani Viswanath) takes charge of the investigation.,student sacred heart medical college found murdered mysterious circumstances police begin investigation girls found murdered college campus daisy wilfred ips vani viswanath charge investigation,action,crime
"Slim (Stephen Dorff), Frank (Steven McCarthy), Otis (Cle Bennett) and Alex (Karen Cliche) are a group of youthful bank robbers who commit their crimes anonymously and in innovative ways involving extreme sports such as skating and snowboarding. Led by Lieutenant Macgruder (Bruce Payne) The group evades capture from the police, but an anonymous individual seems to know who they are and threatens to inform the police unless they undertake a robbery for him. Enter the Mafia, represented by underworld enforcer Surtayne (Steven Berkoff), who instructs the group to work for them also or they will all be killed. Slim becomes romantically involved with Karen (Natasha Henstridge), a detective who distrusts Macgruder, and to save her and his friends escape from the threat of the anonymous man and the Mafia, Slim concocts a daring robbery.",slim stephen dorff frank steven mccarthy otis cle bennett alex karen cliche group youthful bank robbers commit crimes anonymously innovative ways involving extreme sports such skating snowboarding led lieutenant macgruder bruce payne group evades capture police anonymous individual seems know threatens inform police unless undertake robbery enter mafia represented underworld enforcer surtayne steven berkoff instructs group work or killed slim romantically involved karen natasha henstridge detective distrusts macgruder save friends escape threat anonymous mafia slim concocts daring robbery,action,crime
"In 1995, Chris Brander (Ryan Reynolds) is an overweight high school student with a lisp, braces, and a gentle giant demeanor who secretly has a huge romantic crush on his classmate and best friend Jamie Palamino (Amy Smart). After confessing his feelings by writing them in Jamie's yearbook, he attends Jamie's graduation party. As he returns the yearbook to her, it is secretly swapped by her despicable ex-boyfriend, Tim (Ty Olsson), who reads the declaration aloud to everyone and humiliates Chris. Jamie doesn't reciprocate his romantic feelings; after they share a brief kiss on the cheek, Tim and the class burst in and humiliate Chris again. While Jamie admonishes them, an enraged Chris tearfully leaves the party, announcing that he would never return and vows to be more successful than everyone. Ten years later, Chris has lost weight, is handsome, and lives in Los Angeles; he is a womanizer who has dated supermodels, starlets, and socialites, works as a highly successful record producer and also holds a position of senior vice president of the same record corporation he works for. Prior to Christmas, Chris's employer, company CEO KC (Stephen Root), asks Chris to accompany an emerging self-obsessed pop singer named Samantha James (Anna Faris) to Paris to ensure she signs with their label, an order to which Chris reluctantly complies. During the trip to Paris, Samantha accidentally sets her private jet on fire resulting in an emergency landing in New Jersey, near Chris's hometown. Chris takes Samantha to his mother's house to spend the night and re-engages with his teenage past, including his unresolved feelings for Jamie. Samantha meets Chris's mother and 18-year-old brother Mike (Christopher Marquette) who has an enormous crush on Samantha. At the local bar, Chris encounters some old classmates, including his best friend Clark (Fred Ewanuick) and Clark's wife Darla (Amy Matysio); he also encounters Tim, who is now balding, fat, and a heavy drinker. Jamie also appears, working as a bartender to support herself through graduate school. Chris plans to impress and seduce Jamie. He gets Mike to keep Samantha busy during his date with Jamie, but the realization that Jamie's platonic friendship is important to him hampers Chris's plan. During a friendly ice skating day date, Chris is taken away in an ambulance after injuring himself. At the scene, Jamie is reunited with Dusty Dinkleman (Chris Klein), a paramedic and former high school nerd who was also romantically in love with her. That night, in an attempt to rectify his situation, Chris again leaves Samantha in Mike's hands and takes Jamie to a movie showing of The Notebook. Jamie, however, brings Dusty along, and Chris's mother ends up joining them, ruining Chris's plan. Meanwhile, Samantha plays a gig at the heavy metal club that Chris sent her to, gets booed off the stage and assaults a member of the audience. The next night, Chris goes to Jamie's for a Christmas party, planning to reveal his feelings for her, but he finds Dusty already there winning the guests over with his charm and musical talents. Back at Chris's place, Samantha ambushes Mike and pushes him against the bathroom wall demanding to find out Chris's location; fully aware of his feelings, she passionately tongue kisses him until he tells her where Chris has gone. In a rage, she drives to Jamie's house and crashes through her fence, destroying her family's Christmas decorations. Chris returns home in embarrassment, and Jamie follows him; she tells him she is not mad and they end up spending the night together catching up and looking at photos, but due to Chris's continuing lack of assertion, the two end up falling asleep and no romance ensues. The next day, Jamie speaks with Darla about the night before and her fear that Chris's lack of affection means that he doesn't like her. Jamie admits that while the two are just friends, she tried to put herself out there to Chris, to show Chris that she is interested in a relationship. Meanwhile, Chris goes to Clark's medical office to get advice, saying that the timing wasn't right and Jamie and Chris's history hinders his willingness to have sex with her. Outside the office, they happen to catch Dusty singing to a sexy nurse and then kissing her. Dusty reveals to Chris and Clark that he only plans to have sex with Jamie, as he wants to humiliate her in the same way that he felt she used to humiliate him when he was a nerd and she was the object of his crush. Chris tries to warn Jamie, but instead ends up attacking Dusty in front of her; Jamie refuses to listen when Chris tries to explain. Chris consequently gets drunk and goes to the bar where Jamie works, finding her there with Dusty. Jamie refuses to listen and Dusty tries to convince her to have sex with him. When Jamie gently turns him down, Dusty storms out of the bar. Chris and Jamie get into another fight, with him blaming her for keeping him in the friend zone and saying that she peaked in high school and will never amount to anything. Jamie punches Chris and he is tossed out of the bar. Upon returning to LA and having a frightening reunion with Samantha (who sneaks into Chris's house to surprise him), Chris realizes that Jamie is his one and only true love. He returns to New Jersey hoping to finally be with her. Chris declares his genuinely intense romantic love for Jamie at her house and the two share a kiss outside, in view of the neighborhood kids.",chris brander ryan reynolds overweight high school student lisp braces gentle giant demeanor secretly huge romantic crush classmate best friend jamie palamino amy smart confessing feelings writing jamie yearbook attends jamie graduation party returns yearbook secretly swapped despicable ex boyfriend tim ty olsson reads declaration aloud everyone humiliates chris jamie reciprocate romantic feelings share brief kiss cheek tim class burst humiliate chris jamie admonishes enraged chris tearfully leaves party announcing would never return vows successful than everyone ten years chris lost weight handsome lives los angeles womanizer dated supermodels starlets socialites works highly successful record producer holds position senior vice president same record corporation works prior christmas chris employer company ceo kc stephen root chris accompany emerging self obsessed pop singer named samantha james anna faris paris ensure signs label order chris reluctantly complies trip paris samantha accidentally sets private jet fire resulting emergency landing jersey near chris hometown chris samantha mother spend night re engages teenage past including unresolved feelings jamie samantha meets chris mother year old brother mike christopher marquette enormous crush samantha local bar chris encounters old classmates including best friend clark fred ewanuick clark wife darla amy matysio encounters tim balding fat heavy drinker jamie appears working bartender support herself graduate school chris plans impress seduce jamie mike keep samantha busy date jamie realization jamie platonic friendship important hampers chris plan friendly ice skating day date chris taken ambulance injuring scene jamie reunited dusty dinkleman chris klein paramedic former high school nerd romantically love night attempt rectify situation chris leaves samantha mike hands jamie movie showing notebook jamie brings dusty along chris mother ends joining ruining chris plan samantha plays gig heavy metal club chris sent booed stage assaults member audience night chris jamie christmas party planning reveal feelings dusty already winning guests charm musical talents chris place samantha ambushes mike pushes against bathroom wall demanding find chris location fully aware feelings passionately tongue kisses until chris gone rage drives jamie crashes fence destroying family christmas decorations chris returns home embarrassment jamie follows mad end spending night together catching looking photos due chris continuing lack assertion end falling asleep romance ensues day jamie speaks darla night fear chris lack affection means like jamie admits friends tried put herself chris show chris interested relationship chris clark medical office advice saying timing right jamie chris history hinders willingness sex outside office happen catch dusty singing sexy nurse kissing dusty reveals chris clark plans sex jamie wants humiliate same felt used humiliate nerd object crush chris warn jamie instead ends attacking dusty front jamie refuses listen chris explain chris consequently drunk bar jamie works finding dusty jamie refuses listen dusty convince sex jamie gently turns dusty storms bar chris jamie fight blaming keeping friend zone saying peaked high school never amount anything jamie punches chris tossed bar upon returning la frightening reunion samantha sneaks chris surprise chris realizes jamie true love returns jersey hoping finally chris declares genuinely intense romantic love jamie share kiss outside view neighborhood kids,romance,comedy
"All his life, Ribbit has felt different from all the other frogs. To find purpose in his life, Ribbit embarks on an incredible journey through the Amazon Rainforest. During this journey, Ribbit is accidentally hypnotised into believing he is a human prince trapped in a frog’s body. Convinced that he now understands why he is different, Ribbit heads out in his search for the Princess whose kiss will solve all his problems. Joined by his best friend, a female squirrel named Sandy, Ribbit encounters an amazingly zany cast of unique and colourful characters.",life ribbit felt different frogs find purpose life ribbit embarks incredible journey amazon rainforest journey ribbit accidentally hypnotised believing human prince trapped frog s body convinced understands why different ribbit heads search princess whose kiss solve problems joined best friend female squirrel named sandy ribbit encounters amazingly zany cast unique colourful characters,animation,comedy
"A sword is forged by a blacksmith, who then shows it to his young son, Conan, as he tells him of the Riddle of Steel, an aphorism on the importance of the metal to their people, the Cimmerians. One day, the Cimmerians are massacred by a band of raiders led by Thulsa Doom; Conan's father is killed by dogs, and his sword is taken by Doom to decapitate Conan's mother, aided by Doom's entrancing gaze. The children are taken into slavery and then chained to work a large mill, the Wheel of Pain. Conan survives into adulthood, becoming a massive, muscular man. His master eventually trains him to be a gladiator; after winning countless fights and receiving training and education in the East, Conan is freed. He is soon chased by wild dogs and seeks refuge in a warrior's tomb, where he retrieves an ancient sword. Conan wanders the world, encountering a prophetic witch in a hut and then befriends Subotai, a Hyrkanian thief and archer. Following the witch's advice, Conan and Subotai go to the city of Zamora to seek out Doom. There, they meet Valeria, a female brigand. They burgle the Tower of Serpents, stealing jewels and other valuables from a shrine, slaying a giant snake in the process. After escaping with their loot, the thieves celebrate, and Conan has sex with Valeria. The city guards capture the trio and bring them to King Osrić, who requests they rescue his daughter — now a zealot in Doom's cult — for a handsome reward. Subotai and Valeria refuse to take up the quest; Conan, however, motivated by his hatred for Doom and his desire for vengeance, sets off alone to the villain's Temple of Set. Disguised as a priest, Conan infiltrates the temple, but he is discovered, captured, and tortured. Doom lectures him on the power of flesh, which he demonstrates by hypnotically enticing a girl to leap to her death. He then orders for Conan to be crucified on the Tree of Woe. The barbarian is on the verge of death when he is discovered by Subotai and brought to Akiro, the Wizard of the Mounds, who lives on a burial site for warriors and kings. The wizard summons spirits to heal Conan and warns that they will extract a heavy toll, which Valeria is willing to pay. These spirits also try to abduct Conan, but he is restored to health after Valeria and Subotai fend them off. Subotai and Valeria agree to help Conan complete Osric's quest and infiltrate the Temple of Set. As the cult indulges in a cannibalistic orgy, the thieves attack and flee with the princess, but Conan is unable to engage Doom, who has magically transformed into a large snake and slithered away. Valeria is mortally wounded by Doom after he shoots a stiffened snake at her. She dies in Conan's arms, acknowledging the price of the toll forewarned by the wizard in exchange for Conan's life, and is cremated at the Mounds, where Conan prepares with Subotai and the wizard to battle Doom. Conan asks Crom, the god of his people, to grant him revenge. By using booby traps and exploiting the terrain, they manage to slay Doom's warriors when they arrive. Just when Rexor is about to overcome Conan, Valeria reappears for a brief moment as a Valkyrie to save him from the mortal blow. After losing his men, Doom shoots a stiffened snake at the princess, but Subotai blocks the shot with his shield and the villain flees to his temple. The battle ends with Conan having recovered his father's sword from his enemies, a sword splintered by his own. Conan sneaks back to the temple where Doom is addressing the members of his cult. He confronts Doom, who receives him with open arms and attempts to mesmerize him, but the barbarian resists and uses his father's broken sword to behead his nemesis. After the disillusioned cultists disperse, Conan burns down the temple and returns the princess to Osric.",sword forged blacksmith shows young son conan riddle steel aphorism importance metal people cimmerians day cimmerians massacred band raiders led thulsa doom conan killed dogs sword taken doom decapitate conan mother aided doom entrancing gaze children taken slavery chained work large mill wheel pain conan survives adulthood becoming massive muscular master trains gladiator winning countless fights receiving training education east conan freed chased wild dogs seeks refuge warrior tomb retrieves ancient sword conan wanders world encountering prophetic witch hut befriends subotai hyrkanian thief archer following witch advice conan subotai city zamora seek doom meet valeria female brigand burgle tower serpents stealing jewels valuables shrine slaying giant snake process escaping loot thieves celebrate conan sex valeria city guards capture trio bring king osri requests rescue daughter zealot doom cult handsome reward subotai valeria refuse quest conan motivated hatred doom desire vengeance sets alone villain temple set disguised priest conan infiltrates temple discovered captured tortured doom lectures power flesh demonstrates hypnotically enticing girl leap death orders conan crucified tree woe barbarian verge death discovered subotai brought akiro wizard mounds lives burial site warriors kings wizard summons spirits heal conan warns extract heavy toll valeria willing pay these spirits try abduct conan restored health valeria subotai fend subotai valeria agree conan complete osric quest infiltrate temple set cult indulges cannibalistic orgy thieves attack flee princess conan unable engage doom magically transformed large snake slithered valeria mortally wounded doom shoots stiffened snake dies conan arms acknowledging price toll forewarned wizard exchange conan life cremated mounds conan prepares subotai wizard battle doom conan crom god people grant revenge using booby traps exploiting terrain manage slay doom warriors arrive rexor overcome conan valeria reappears brief moment valkyrie save mortal blow losing men doom shoots stiffened snake princess subotai blocks shot shield villain flees temple battle ends conan recovered sword enemies sword splintered conan sneaks temple doom addressing members cult confronts doom receives open arms attempts mesmerize barbarian resists uses broken sword behead nemesis disillusioned cultists disperse conan burns temple returns princess osric,action,animation
"Jane Benson (Merle Oberon) is a lowly Yorkshire girl who lives simply, caring for her elderly, ailing uncle and not wishing for anything more. She does take a fancy, however, to the local doctor, Freddie Jarvis (Rex Harrison), and she persuades him to marry her. Soon she finds she has inherited eighteen million pounds and wants to travel across Europe with Freddie Jarvis; however he wants to stay as he is dedicated to his patients.[1] So she leaves for Europe without him and is followed by suitors who are not necessarily interested in her personality. Meanwhile, back in Yorkshire, Dr Jarvis becomes notorious as the man who turned down £18 million and the infamy seriously affects his ability for serious research.[2]",jane benson merle oberon lowly yorkshire girl lives simply caring elderly ailing uncle wishing anything fancy local doctor freddie jarvis rex harrison persuades marry inherited eighteen million pounds wants travel across europe freddie jarvis wants stay dedicated patients leaves europe without followed suitors necessarily interested personality yorkshire dr jarvis notorious turned million infamy seriously affects ability serious research,comedy,drama
"On a normal day at a private high school, three teenagers, Andrew Edwards, John Woo, and Luke Locktin find themselves suspended from school after graffitiing a bathroom stall, in response to The Catcher in the Rye being banned at the school, a book which Andrew favors. After being suspended for the rest of the week, Andrew calls up Luke and John and tells them of his plan to hit up the city, living a life similar to that of The Catcher in the Rye. Throughout the course of the week many events occur, such as John ending up drunkingly having sex with a homeless woman after finding out that his teacher, whom he was infatuated with, was a lesbian. Andrew hires a prostitute, Caramel, (played by Adelaide Lummis) who has pretend sex with Luke as he gets nervous, but they later have consensual sex later. After deciding to get rid of the homeless woman (who was living with the three in their motel room), they take her to the woods behind their school, where the school security guard, Charlie, who had been tailing them all week, approaches them and shoots the homeless woman to death while startled. John then chases after Charlie, proceeds to beat him up, then tazes him into submission (and possibly death). The three boys have a funeral three weeks later, where Luke reveals his sexual luck, and Andrew reveals he had to perform fellatio for crack he couldn't pay for. After singing a nearly accurate version of Amazing Grace, Andrew and Luke leave John by himself, before he wanders off and the credits roll.",normal day private high school three teenagers andrew edwards john woo luke locktin find themselves suspended school graffitiing bathroom stall response catcher rye banned school book andrew favors suspended rest week andrew calls luke john plan hit city living life similar catcher rye throughout course week many events occur such john ending drunkingly sex homeless woman finding teacher whom infatuated lesbian andrew hires prostitute caramel played adelaide lummis pretend sex luke nervous consensual sex deciding rid homeless woman living three motel room woods behind school school security guard charlie tailing week approaches shoots homeless woman death startled john chases charlie proceeds beat tazes submission possibly death three boys funeral three weeks luke reveals sexual luck andrew reveals perform fellatio crack could pay singing nearly accurate version amazing grace andrew luke leave john wanders credits roll,comedy,drama
A young scientist search for the mysterious events behind the strange deaths of cattles and bright lights in sky. He sets on a journey to find the truth and fears of something more frightening to come.,young scientist search mysterious events behind strange deaths cattles bright lights sky sets journey find truth fears something frightening,sci-fi,horror
"Nicky Brooke (Michael Redgrave) a wealthy young man who despite his engagement to the aristocratic (and broke) Lady Constance Westaker (Margaret Vyner) falls for hard-up model Diana Castles (Jessie Matthews) after nearly running her over with his car. In an effort to distance himself from 'tabloid' created tales of his playboy lifestyle, he changes his name and attempts to woo Diana by pretending to be poor.",nicky brooke michael redgrave wealthy young despite engagement aristocratic broke lady constance westaker margaret vyner falls hard model diana castles jessie matthews nearly running car effort distance tabloid created tales playboy lifestyle changes name attempts woo diana pretending poor,comedy,drama
"Husband and wife Bill and Bertie Austin and their daughter live in a low-rent apartment. He's a struggling writer, at least until agent Lucinda Ford breaks the news that she's sold his book to a publisher, including the rights to turn it into a Broadway play. A new house in Connecticut is the first way to celebrate. But during the long hours Bill is away working on the play, Bertie befriends hard-drinking neighbor Fran Cabrell and her boyfriend Wylie, who plant seeds of suspicion in Bertie's mind that Bill and his beautiful agent might be more than just business partners. Bertie jealously retaliates by flirting with Gar Aldrich, an actor who will be in her husband's play. Bill goes to Connecticut for a heart-to-heart talk, finds Gar there and punches him. But when the play's a success, Bill and Bertie decide to give married life one more try.",husband wife bill bertie austin daughter live low rent apartment struggling writer least until agent lucinda ford breaks news sold book publisher including rights turn broadway play connecticut celebrate long hours bill working play bertie befriends hard drinking neighbor fran cabrell boyfriend wylie plant seeds suspicion bertie mind bill beautiful agent might than business partners bertie jealously retaliates flirting gar aldrich actor husband play bill connecticut heart heart talk gar punches play success bill bertie decide give married life try,romance,drama
"It is the last day before summer vacation at Roosevelt High School in Atlanta, and the students are out of control, devising elaborate senior pranks and creating chaos. Andy Campbell, the school's mild-mannered and nerdy English teacher, and his fellow faculty members are trying to survive the chaotic day as best they can, but only the history teacher, Ron Strickland, is fierce enough to intimidate the students into behaving. Meanwhile, Campbell is awaiting news of the birth of his second child with his wife Maggie. While teaching, Campbell is pulled aside by his friend, the counselor Holly, to inform him of rumors of downsizing of all departments. Given his pregnant wife and child, this renders Campbell extremely anxious. After preventing Campbell from walking into a paint trap, Strickland asks for his assistance in using an outdated AV system which keeps turning off after a couple of seconds. Campbell catches a student, Neil, secretly using a remote control app on his smartphone to turn off the VCR. An infuriated Strickland grabs the phone and destroys it. Neil, using a classmate's phone, turns the TV off again and it enrages Strickland, who grabs a fire axe and destroys the student's desk, sending the class screaming from the room. Both Campbell and Strickland are brought to Principal Tyler's office to discuss the matter. Strickland warns Campbell to keep his behavior a secret, but after Tyler threatens to fire them both if no one steps forward, Campbell tells the truth, resulting in the loss of Strickland's job. In retaliation, Strickland challenges Campbell to a fist fight after school. Campbell is convinced that he physically does not stand a chance against Strickland, and tries to set matters straight by asking Neil to share a false testimony to Principal Tyler in order to clear Strickland's name and have him reinstated. Neil agrees on the condition that Campbell buy him a MacBook Pro. After doing so, Campbell runs into Maggie and his daughter, Ally, who remind him to arrive promptly that afternoon for Ally's father-daughter talent show. Neil's false account is enough to convince Principal Tyler to reinstate Strickland. Campbell and Strickland receive an emergency call from Molly. The two meet up with her in a mock United Nations debate room and discover she tricked them into coming there so they could talk through their issues, with Holly acting as mediator. When Campbell tells Strickland that he was able to get him his job back, Strickland is further enraged, stating that Campbell should have told him about this plan before acting, and citing the mishandling of the school system. The fight is still on. Campbell tries to call 9-1-1 for help, but after telling the operator that he's a teacher and that another teacher wants to fight him, she hung up after laughing at the situation. After seeking the advice of Holly and Coach Crawford, Campbell resolves to have Strickland removed from the campus before the day's end. As a last resort, Campbell threatens Neil into giving him the drug MDMA. As Principal Tyler finds his Toyota Prius vandalized and parked in the school's lobby, Campbell plants the Molly in Strickland's satchel. Campbell calls the police in the hopes of having Strickland arrested, but the attempt is botched and both teachers are incarcerated. The two teachers share a cell with other inmates, and Campbell goes across the cell and tricks an enormous inmate into giving Strickland a beating, but only when signaled. Campbell then returns to Strickland in order to trick him into giving the signal, but Strickland instead tells Campbell that the fight is called off after everything that they have been through the day. When the inmate nonetheless attacks Strickland, Strickland easily knocks him out, and upon realizing Campbell's actions, declares the fight back on. The two are then released, after the police discover the drug used to frame Strickland was only aspirin. Campbell heads back to the school to meet up with the school board, Tyler and Superintendent Johnson, but learns that his colleagues have all been fired. Impatient after being told to wait for nearly an hour, Campbell barges into the meeting and learns that he is one of the few to remain at his position. However, Campbell stands his ground and voices his complaints about the public school system not receiving the respect and materials it truly needs. Campbell heads over to Ally's talent show, where Ally's rendition of Big Sean's I Don't Fuck with You inspires him to take a stand against Strickland. In the school parking lot, Campbell and Strickland confront each other, and engage in a heated fight that is dragged throughout the school and sees both men seemingly gaining the upper hand at different moments, and the fight goes throughout the entire school. Campbell briefly knocks Strickland out with a fire extinguisher and celebrates only to be sucker-punched by Strickland after he gets up. Strickland then answers Campbell's phone and learns that Maggie is about to give birth, at which point he decides to drive Campbell to the hospital. That summer, Tyler arrives at the Campbell household to tell Campbell that the publicity and public outcry the fight generated has put the Department of Education in a position where they need to put more effort and money toward their schools, and must rehire Campbell and Strickland. Campbell accepts on the condition that the rest of his colleagues be reinstated as well. As the new school year begins, the faculty return to their respective positions. Campbell and Strickland, now best friends, are ready to enforce learning with Campbell being much more assertive towards the students. In a post-credits scene, Crawford is seen flirting with the 911 operator, whom Campbell had called earlier in a failed attempt to stop Strickland, in person. After rapping for her, Crawford realizes that he doesn't know her name.",last day summer vacation roosevelt high school atlanta students control devising elaborate senior pranks creating chaos andy campbell school mild mannered nerdy english teacher fellow faculty members trying survive chaotic day best history teacher ron strickland fierce enough intimidate students behaving campbell awaiting news birth second child wife maggie teaching campbell pulled aside friend counselor holly inform rumors downsizing departments given pregnant wife child renders campbell extremely anxious preventing campbell walking paint trap strickland assistance using outdated av system keeps turning couple seconds campbell catches student neil secretly using remote control app smartphone turn vcr infuriated strickland grabs phone destroys neil using classmate phone turns tv enrages strickland grabs fire axe destroys student desk sending class screaming room campbell strickland brought principal tyler office discuss matter strickland warns campbell keep behavior secret tyler threatens fire steps forward campbell truth resulting loss strickland job retaliation strickland challenges campbell fist fight school campbell convinced physically stand chance against strickland set matters straight asking neil share false testimony principal tyler order clear strickland name reinstated neil agrees condition campbell buy macbook pro doing campbell runs maggie daughter ally remind arrive promptly afternoon ally daughter talent show neil false account enough convince principal tyler reinstate strickland campbell strickland receive emergency call molly meet mock united nations debate room discover tricked coming could talk issues holly acting mediator campbell strickland able job strickland further enraged stating campbell should told plan acting citing mishandling school system fight campbell call telling operator teacher teacher wants fight hung laughing situation seeking advice holly coach crawford campbell resolves strickland removed campus day end last resort campbell threatens neil giving drug mdma principal tyler toyota prius vandalized parked school lobby campbell plants molly strickland satchel campbell calls police hopes strickland arrested attempt botched teachers incarcerated teachers share cell inmates campbell across cell tricks enormous inmate giving strickland beating signaled campbell returns strickland order trick giving signal strickland instead campbell fight called everything day inmate nonetheless attacks strickland strickland easily knocks upon realizing campbell actions declares fight released police discover drug used frame strickland aspirin campbell heads school meet school board tyler superintendent johnson learns colleagues fired impatient told wait nearly hour campbell barges meeting learns few remain position campbell stands ground voices complaints public school system receiving respect materials truly needs campbell heads ally talent show ally rendition big sean i do fuck you inspires stand against strickland school parking lot campbell strickland confront each engage heated fight dragged throughout school sees men seemingly gaining upper hand different moments fight throughout entire school campbell briefly knocks strickland fire extinguisher celebrates sucker punched strickland strickland answers campbell phone learns maggie give birth point decides drive campbell hospital summer tyler arrives campbell household tell campbell publicity public outcry fight generated put department education position need put effort money toward schools must rehire campbell strickland campbell accepts condition rest colleagues reinstated well school year faculty return respective positions campbell strickland best friends ready enforce learning campbell much assertive towards students post credits scene crawford seen flirting operator whom campbell called earlier failed attempt stop strickland person rapping crawford realizes know name,comedy,drama
"Eddie Ryan (Robert Duvall), a tough, no-nonsense, abrasive and racist Irish NYPD cop, has to turn in his badge after scuffling with a Puerto Rican suspect who then falls to his death from a rooftop, but that doesn't stop him from heading out on a one-man crusade to find out who killed his partner of three years, Gigi Caputo (Louis Cosentino), all the while neglecting his new live-in girlfriend, Maureen (Verna Bloom). Ryan's search leads him to Puerto Rican drug kingpin Sweet Willie (Henry Darrow), and a shipment of guns for Puerto Rican independenistas.",eddie ryan robert duvall tough nonsense abrasive racist irish nypd cop turn badge scuffling puerto rican suspect falls death rooftop stop heading crusade find killed partner three years gigi caputo louis cosentino neglecting live girlfriend maureen verna bloom ryan search leads puerto rican drug kingpin sweet willie henry darrow shipment guns puerto rican independenistas,crime,action
"The story is set in Japan, beginning in the 1990s up until the present day (2008[a]), with each act centered on a boy named Takaki Tōno. The first act takes place during a time when cell phones are uncommon and email had not yet reached the general population.[6] Takaki Tōno quickly befriends Akari Shinohara when she transfers to his elementary school in Tokyo. They grow closer to each other due to similar interests and attitudes; for instance, they both prefer to stay inside during recess due to their seasonal allergies. As a result, they form a strong bond; they speak to each other using their given names without any form of honorifics, which is a sign of deep friendship and familiarity in Japan. Upon graduating from elementary school, Akari moves to the nearby prefecture of Tochigi, due to her parents' jobs. The two keep in contact by writing letters but eventually begin to drift apart. When Takaki learns that his family will be moving to Kagoshima on the other side of the country, he decides to personally go see Akari, since they will be too far apart to visit each other at all after moving. He also prepares a letter for Akari confessing his feelings for her. However, Takaki loses the letter during the journey and a severe snowstorm continuously delays his train for several hours. As the two finally meet and share their first kiss, Takaki realizes they will never be together again. Stranded in a shed due to the snowstorm, they fall asleep after talking late into the night. Takaki departs from the train station the next morning, and the two promise to continue writing to each other. As the train rolls away, Takaki decides that the loss of his letter is not important anymore after the kiss, while Akari silently looks at her own letter addressed to Takaki. In 1999, Takaki is now in the third year of senior high in Tanegashima, where the Tanegashima Space Center is located. Kanae Sumida, a classmate of Takaki, has been in love with him ever since meeting him in middle school but has never had the courage to confess her feelings. She tries to spend time with him, waiting long after school for the chance to travel home together. However, Takaki appears ignorant to Kanae's feelings and only treats her as a good friend. Kanae observes that Takaki is always writing emails to someone or staring off into the distance as if searching for something far away. It is later shown that Takaki's emails are not being sent to anyone, and that he has had recurring dreams which feature Akari. After a failed attempt to tell Takaki she loves him, Kanae eventually realizes that he is looking for something far beyond what she can offer and decides not to, though she believes she will always love him. With such thoughts, she cries herself to sleep. It is 2008. Takaki is now a programmer in Tokyo. Meanwhile, Akari is preparing to get married to another man. Takaki still longs for Akari to the detriment of his lifestyle. He receives a call from his current girlfriend but does not answer, signifying the relationship's end. Depressed, Takaki quits his job, unable to cope with his feelings for Akari. Akari goes through a box of her old possessions and finds the letter she had written to Takaki many years ago. Takaki finds himself in a convenience store reading a magazine about the rocket launched in Episode 2: Cosmonaut. Takaki and Akari begin a dual narration, both recalling a recent dream. In this dream, they relive their last meeting in the snow-filled Iwafune, and remember the wish to someday watch the cherry blossoms together again. One day while walking down the same road they had while they were children, Takaki and Akari appear to pass and recognize each other at the train crossing, the same place they had promised to watch the cherry blossoms together thirteen years ago, just before Akari moved to Tochigi. On opposite sides of the tracks, they stop and begin to look back, but passing trains cut off their view. Takaki waits for the trains to pass and finds that Akari is gone. After a moment, he smiles to himself and continues walking as the cherry blossoms stir in the train's wake.",story set japan beginning s until present day each act centered boy named takaki t act place time cell phones uncommon email yet reached general population takaki t quickly befriends akari shinohara transfers elementary school tokyo grow closer each due similar interests attitudes instance prefer stay inside recess due seasonal allergies result form strong bond speak each using given names without any form honorifics sign deep friendship familiarity japan upon graduating elementary school akari moves nearby prefecture tochigi due parents jobs keep contact writing letters begin drift apart takaki learns family moving kagoshima side country decides personally see akari since too far apart visit each moving prepares letter akari confessing feelings takaki loses letter journey severe snowstorm continuously delays train several hours finally meet share kiss takaki realizes never together stranded shed due snowstorm fall asleep talking late night takaki departs train station morning promise continue writing each train rolls takaki decides loss letter important anymore kiss akari silently looks letter addressed takaki takaki third year senior high tanegashima tanegashima space center located kanae sumida classmate takaki love ever since meeting middle school never courage confess feelings spend time waiting long school chance travel home together takaki appears ignorant kanae feelings treats good friend kanae observes takaki always writing emails someone or staring distance searching something far shown takaki emails sent anyone recurring dreams feature akari failed attempt tell takaki loves kanae realizes looking something far beyond offer decides though believes always love such thoughts cries herself sleep takaki programmer tokyo akari preparing married takaki longs akari detriment lifestyle receives call current girlfriend answer signifying relationship end depressed takaki quits job unable cope feelings akari akari box old possessions letter written takaki many years ago takaki convenience store reading magazine rocket launched episode cosmonaut takaki akari begin dual narration recalling recent dream dream relive last meeting snow filled iwafune remember wish someday watch cherry blossoms together day walking same road were children takaki akari appear pass recognize each train crossing same place promised watch cherry blossoms together thirteen years ago akari moved tochigi opposite sides tracks stop begin look passing trains cut view takaki waits trains pass akari gone moment smiles continues walking cherry blossoms stir train wake,animation,romance
"Cindy, short for Cinderella, lives with her widowed stepmother and two stepsisters, Bertha and Ertha. Cindy is forced to do all of the housework and is effectively a servant. The widow hates Cindy because when her late Grandfather died, he hid his will which the widow knows passes all the family inheritance to Cindy. The widow purposely keeps Cindy busy so that she won't find the will, giving the widow time to find it first. The widow is also planning to marry her favorite daughter, Bertha, to a handsome young man named Phillipe, though he is smitten with Cindy. One night, Cindy falls asleep before finishing her chores, but an old lady sneaks into the house to finish the chores for her. Ertha, Cindy's kinder stepsister, encounters the old lady, who reveals that she is Cindy's Grandmother, and was kicked out of the house by the widow after Grandfather died. The same thing happens the following night, but the widow wakes up and chases Grandmother away. Ertha, who witnessed everything, tells Cindy about it. The widow is afraid that Grandmother will help Cindy find the will. Following the advice of her magic mirror, the widow puts on a salesman disguise and visits Grandmother in the woods, tricking her into entering The Castle of a Hundred Doors, from which there is no escape. Cindy, dressed in a red riding hood, arrives at Grandmother's cottage too late and is chased away by a wolf, which is actually the widow in disguise. Cindy sits by a lake, telling her hopes to an ugly duckling, unaware that Phillippe is listening. Phillippe reveals himself and gives her a ring as a token, but their meeting is interrupted by the widow, who orders Cindy to work. While in the barn, Cindy discovers the widow's wolf costume and realizes what happened. Bertha, who is jealous of Cindy, chases the pigs away from the farm and blames Cindy for it. Ertha advises Cindy to escape to Grandmother's cottage, which she does. There Cindy discovers seven wooden dwarfs and one wooden puppet Pinocchio. They come alive when she kisses them, and they tell her that widow took Grandmother away. The widow wants Cindy back at the house working for her. She discovers Cindy's music box and decides to lure her back by holding a masked ball. Cindy wants to go, as it is a chance to see Phillippe. The dwarfs make her a costume, but warn her that since her mask is made of snow it will melt at midnight. At the ball, Cindy's disguise works and she gets to dance with Phillippe. Meanwhile, Ertha and Pinocchio dance together. When the clock strikes twelve, Cindy's disguise melts and she runs away to escape the widow, her friends following close behind. When the widow mocks Ertha for falling for Pinocchio, Ertha retaliates by telling Phillippe that Cindy can be found at Grandmother's house. He heads out to find her, but finds the Castle of a Hundred Doors instead. The dwarfs also find the Castle, but they too get lost inside and unable to escape. The widow goes to the cottage wearing another disguise devised by her magic mirror, this time pretending to be Pinocchio's mother. The widow hypnotises Cindy with a magic apple to fall asleep, and in the commotion the widow accidentally falls into a well. Pinocchio, now alone, searches for help and stumbles upon the Castle. When he enters, one of his shoes is caught on a nail and starts to unravel. Eventually Grandmother is found, and everyone groups up and follows the trail out. When they arrive back at the cottage, Cindy is woken up by a kiss from Phillippe. Grandmother explains to Cindy about the will, and that the answer is in his Magic Riddle, a poem which ends with: Only Pinocchio knows. It turns out that the will is inside Pinocchio's nose. Grandmother reads the will, confirming that all of Grandfather's possessions go to Cindy. Cindy and Phillippe's wedding is held at what used to be the widow's house. After the celebrations, the dwarfs and Pinocchio turn back into wood, their task completed. But when Ertha kisses Pinocchio, he comes back to life to be with her.",cindy short cinderella lives widowed stepmother stepsisters bertha ertha cindy forced do housework effectively servant widow hates cindy late grandfather died hid widow knows passes family inheritance cindy widow purposely keeps cindy busy wo find giving widow time find widow planning marry favorite daughter bertha handsome young named phillipe though smitten cindy night cindy falls asleep finishing chores old lady sneaks finish chores ertha cindy kinder stepsister encounters old lady reveals cindy grandmother kicked widow grandfather died same thing happens following night widow wakes chases grandmother ertha witnessed everything cindy widow afraid grandmother cindy find following advice magic mirror widow puts salesman disguise visits grandmother woods tricking entering castle hundred doors escape cindy dressed red riding hood arrives grandmother cottage too late chased wolf actually widow disguise cindy sits lake telling hopes ugly duckling unaware phillippe listening phillippe reveals gives ring token meeting interrupted widow orders cindy work barn cindy discovers widow wolf costume realizes happened bertha jealous cindy chases pigs farm blames cindy ertha advises cindy escape grandmother cottage cindy discovers seven wooden dwarfs wooden puppet pinocchio alive kisses tell widow took grandmother widow wants cindy working discovers cindy music box decides lure holding masked ball cindy wants chance see phillippe dwarfs costume warn since mask made snow melt midnight ball cindy disguise works dance phillippe ertha pinocchio dance together clock strikes twelve cindy disguise melts runs escape widow friends following close behind widow mocks ertha falling pinocchio ertha retaliates telling phillippe cindy found grandmother heads find castle hundred doors instead dwarfs find castle too lost inside unable escape widow cottage wearing disguise devised magic mirror time pretending pinocchio mother widow hypnotises cindy magic apple fall asleep commotion widow accidentally falls well pinocchio alone searches stumbles upon castle enters shoes caught nail starts unravel grandmother found everyone groups follows trail arrive cottage cindy woken kiss phillippe grandmother explains cindy answer magic riddle poem ends pinocchio knows turns inside pinocchio nose grandmother reads confirming grandfather possessions cindy cindy phillippe wedding held used widow celebrations dwarfs pinocchio turn wood task completed ertha kisses pinocchio life,animation,horror
"Josephine Monaghan (Amis) is a young society woman who is seduced by her family's portrait photographer, and as a result, bears an illegitimate child. She is expelled from her family and home in disgrace, and with no other resources, she leaves her newborn son under the care of her sister and heads West. On the road, Josephine discovers that her options are very limited. As a single woman traveling alone, she is viewed with suspicion, or as sexual prey for any man. She assists a traveling salesman (René Auberjonois) who subsequently tries to sell her services as a whore to passing strangers. Seeing it as her only protection, Josephine scars her face, and begins to dress as a man – thus becoming Jo. At a mining camp in Ruby City, she meets Percy (McKellen) who takes her under his wing. Percy recommends Jo for a job at the stable, and teaches her about how to survive in the frontier. But Percy nurses a deep suspicion of women, viewing them to be more trouble than they are worth. He later demonstrates his misogyny by slashing the face of a prostitute who refuses to give him oral sex. Jo no longer feels safe with Percy or her secret, so she accepts a job herding sheep, and heads for the mountains. After returning in the spring, Percy gives Jo a letter for her that he had received months earlier. The letter is from Jo's sister, and Percy having opened it, now knows he is a she. He is furious at being made a fool of by a woman and a whore at that, referring to the mention of her son in the letter. He attacks and tries to rape Jo, but she draws her gun and subdues him. Largely ostracized by the town's people since the incident with the prostitute, Percy promises Jo he will not share her secret if she finances his journey out of the territory. She agrees, though swears to him she will find him and kill him if he breaks his silence. For five years she works as a shepherd, braving the deadly winters alone to the worry of her employer, Frank Badger (Hopkins), who has taken a liking to the young man he nicknames Little Jo. When Jo has enough money saved, she quits Badger, and buys her own homestead. While frequently viewed as peculiar, Jo is clearly educated, and earns the respect of the people in Ruby City and the surrounding territory. A local girl, Mary, (Graham) has her eye on Jo. Blind to the truth, most hope the two will court. However, Mary ends up wedding her cousin, Lucas Brown, soon after Jo returns from her first winter as a sheep herder. One day in town, Jo comes across a mob about to lynch a Chinese laborer for trying to take our jobs. Jo intervenes, and Badger insists the chinaman, Tinman Wong (David Chung), go to live with Jo to help with the homestead. Tinman accompanies Jo to the homestead, and takes on the duties of cook and housekeeper. Though he seems slow-witted, Jo is not happy at having company forced upon her, and is afraid he will discover she is not a man. She keeps as much distance as possible. But Tinman easily discovers the truth about Jo, and in doing so, reveals he is far more intelligent than he has pretended to be—he, too, has been masquerading for his own safety. Jo drops her guard and the two begin a love affair. A feud begins to brew between the sheep herders and cattlemen who are moving into the territory. The Western Cattle Company wants to buy up all the land in the area, and they kill anyone who does not comply. One by one, the sheep herders give in, or are murdered by masked gunmen. Jo has witnessed the brutal murders of too many of her friends, and the violence that will be necessary to win this kind of fight goes against her gentle nature. This is a masculine quality that goes beyond her ability to pass, so Jo dons a dress once again in a feeble effort to step back into a more traditionally feminine role. Tinman argues that it will be impossible for her to go back being the society woman, urging her to keep the homestead, and stand against the cattlemen in the upcoming election. Jo will not be swayed, and meets with the representative from the cattle company, Henry Grey (Anthony Heald) to tell him she will sell. Tinman falls ill, and Jo summons Badger's wife (Snodgrass), who practices folk medicine, to tend him. Badger comes along, and is furious when Grey arrives with his wife so that Jo can sign the final papers for the sale of the homestead. Feeling betrayed by Jo for helping the cattle company to squeeze me, Badger hits Jo, proclaiming, By God, boy! I thought you'd amount to something. As Grey prepares the papers inside, Jo watches his wife who, through the warped glass, is visually reminiscent of Jo when she was a woman of society. In an instant, Jo changes her mind and refuses to sell to Grey, who leaves in disgust issuing less than veiled threats. Tinman recovers, and on election day, Badger and Jo ride to Ruby City but are met by several of Grey's masked gunmen. Badger shoots one of the gunmen, but is wounded, so it is up to Jo to finish the fight. She kills the two remaining men, but the pain of the act of killing is clearly indicated on her face. The plot jumps to many years later, after Tinman Wong has died. Jo collapses while fetching water, and Badger finds her in bed, near death. He takes her in his wagon to the Ruby City doctor, but she is dead before they arrive. As Badger buys rounds of drinks at the saloon in memory of Little Jo, the undertaker rushes in with his shocking discovery—Little Jo was a woman. The town elders rush back to the undertaker's to inspect. All stand around the preparation table in shock, all except Mrs. Addie (Cathy Haase), the saloon owner, who laughs and laughs. Badger is furious at the betrayal by his friend, and because Jo made a fool out of me. He goes back to her homestead, and as he tears the place apart in anger, comes across the letter from her sister, and a picture of her as she lived as a woman. In town, the people tie Jo's dead body to her horse for a photograph. The final shot is of the newspaper story with the before-and-after photographs, and the headline, Rancher Jo Was a Woman.",josephine monaghan amis young society woman seduced family portrait photographer result bears illegitimate child expelled family home disgrace resources leaves newborn son under care sister heads west road josephine discovers options very limited single woman traveling alone viewed suspicion or sexual prey any assists traveling salesman ren auberjonois subsequently sell services whore passing strangers seeing protection josephine scars face dress thus becoming jo mining camp ruby city meets percy mckellen under wing percy recommends jo job stable teaches how survive frontier percy nurses deep suspicion women viewing trouble than worth demonstrates misogyny slashing face prostitute refuses give oral sex jo longer feels safe percy or secret accepts job herding sheep heads mountains returning spring percy gives jo letter received months earlier letter jo sister percy opened knows furious made fool woman whore referring mention son letter attacks rape jo draws gun subdues largely ostracized town people since incident prostitute percy promises jo share secret finances journey territory agrees though swears find kill breaks silence five years works shepherd braving deadly winters alone worry employer frank badger hopkins taken liking young nicknames little jo jo enough money saved quits badger buys homestead frequently viewed peculiar jo clearly educated earns respect people ruby city surrounding territory local girl mary graham eye jo blind truth most hope court mary ends wedding cousin lucas brown jo returns winter sheep herder day town jo across mob lynch chinese laborer trying our jobs jo intervenes badger insists chinaman tinman wong david chung live jo homestead tinman accompanies jo homestead duties cook housekeeper though seems slow witted jo happy company forced upon afraid discover keeps much distance possible tinman easily discovers truth jo doing reveals far intelligent than pretended too masquerading safety jo drops guard begin love affair feud brew sheep herders cattlemen moving territory western cattle company wants buy land area kill anyone comply sheep herders give or murdered masked gunmen jo witnessed brutal murders too many friends violence necessary win kind fight against gentle nature masculine quality beyond ability pass jo dons dress once feeble effort step traditionally feminine role tinman argues impossible society woman urging keep homestead stand against cattlemen upcoming election jo swayed meets representative cattle company henry grey anthony heald tell sell tinman falls ill jo summons badger wife snodgrass practices folk medicine tend badger along furious grey arrives wife jo sign final papers sale homestead feeling betrayed jo helping cattle company squeeze me badger hits jo proclaiming god boy i thought you would amount something grey prepares papers inside jo watches wife warped glass visually reminiscent jo woman society instant jo changes mind refuses sell grey leaves disgust issuing less than veiled threats tinman recovers election day badger jo ride ruby city met several grey masked gunmen badger shoots gunmen wounded jo finish fight kills remaining men pain act killing clearly indicated face plot jumps many years tinman wong died jo collapses fetching water badger bed near death wagon ruby city doctor dead arrive badger buys rounds drinks saloon memory little jo undertaker rushes shocking discovery little jo woman town elders rush undertaker inspect stand around preparation table shock except mrs addie cathy haase saloon owner laughs laughs badger furious betrayal friend jo made fool me homestead tears place apart anger across letter sister picture lived woman town people tie jo dead body horse photograph final shot newspaper story photographs headline rancher jo woman,western,drama
"In 1908 at Nisi, a small Greek Island under Ottoman rule, Turkish officials, Greek rebels, German emissaries and other foreign mercenaries mingle as they all try to keep the upper hand in that remote part of the crumbling Ottoman Empire. Basil Pascali, a half-British half-Cypriot man, considers himself a local feature on the island. Since his arrival twenty years before, he spies for the Sultan sending detailed reports about suspicious activities. He has no idea if anybody reads his observations as he never receives a reply but his payment still arrives regularly, so he continues his work as an informant with unfailing eagerness. Pascali's suspicions are aroused with the arrival of Anthony Bowles, a British archeologist, whose purpose in visiting the island is unclear. Basil quickly befriends Bowles at the hotel’s lounge bar and offers the archeologist his services as translator. Pascali introduces Bowles to his close friend, Lydia Neuman, a bohemian Austrian painter resident in the island. While Lydia and Anthony become smitten with each other, Pascali slips into Bowles' hotel room to investigate. In Bowles' suitcase, Pascali finds a fake antique, a small statue's head, which makes him suspect that the archeologist may be a fraud. Needing help arranging a deal to lease some land from the local Pasha, Bowles hires Pascali as a translator. At Bowles' insistence, the agreement is sealed officially with a contract. Suspecting Bowles' intentions, Pascali warns him that the Pasha is not a man to be crossed. On their part, the Turkish authorities tell Pascali that he will be held responsible if Bowles fails to make the full payment. Spying on Bowles, Pascali finds the archeologist romancing Lydia; swimming naked with her in a remote cove. Pascali has been secretly in love with Lydia and envies the handsome British archeologist. Aroused by the experience, Pascali relieves his sexual frustration at a Turkish bath. Unexpectedly, Bowles wants to change the terms of his contract. He found some small archeological object of great significance, he claims, so he wants the right to excavate to be included in a new lease. Once again Pascali serves as translator and intermediary with the Pasha, who seeing the objects, a gold collar and the antique statue's head, refuses to grant the excavation rights. The Turkish Pasha wants to buy the lease back; Bowles asks for a much larger sum that he originally paid. Pascali tells Bowles that he does not need to keep the pretense with him. Pascali knows that the small statue's head is a forgery and that Bowles intention from the start was to swindle the Turkish authorities enticing them to buy the lease back at a higher amount. Pascali asks for part of Bowles earning in exchange for his silence forcing Bowles to concede. The ploy becomes more complicated when, by chance, Bowles makes a real important archeological discovery: a large bronze statue of a boy from Greek times that is in pristine condition. Deciding to secretly retrieve the statue, Bowles asks Pascali for help delaying the closing of the lease deal for two more days. Pascali helps him not only with the Turkish authorities but also on the excavation. He intends to use the money Bowles offers him to travel to Constantinople and find out what has happened with his reports, the only thing that has given meaning to his life. Both Lydia and Bowles try to persuade Pascali to leave the island as the fall of the Ottoman Empire is imminent. However, believing that Bowles is going to swindle him with the money, Pascali denounces him with the Turkish authorities. He guides them that night to the excavation site. As Bowles and Lydia are planning to leave the island, with the help of the Americans, taken the statue with them, they are all shot and killed by the Turks. Pascali, already regretting having betrayed his friends, returns home just to find the money and a letter from Bowles trying to help him leave the island. Pascali is devastated for his useless mistakes. His reports were neither read nor kept. He loved both Lydia and Bowles but caused their deaths. As the Ottoman Empire crumbles, the only thing left for Pascali is to wait for the Greeks to come for him.",nisi small greek island under ottoman rule turkish officials greek rebels german emissaries foreign mercenaries mingle try keep upper hand remote part crumbling ottoman empire basil pascali half british half cypriot considers local feature island since arrival twenty years spies sultan sending detailed reports suspicious activities idea anybody reads observations never receives reply payment arrives regularly continues work informant unfailing eagerness pascali suspicions aroused arrival anthony bowles british archeologist whose purpose visiting island unclear basil quickly befriends bowles hotel s lounge bar offers archeologist services translator pascali introduces bowles close friend lydia neuman bohemian austrian painter resident island lydia anthony become smitten each pascali slips bowles hotel room investigate bowles suitcase pascali fake antique small statue head makes suspect archeologist may fraud needing arranging deal lease land local pasha bowles hires pascali translator bowles insistence agreement sealed officially contract suspecting bowles intentions pascali warns pasha crossed part turkish authorities tell pascali held responsible bowles fails full payment spying bowles pascali archeologist romancing lydia swimming naked remote cove pascali secretly love lydia envies handsome british archeologist aroused experience pascali relieves sexual frustration turkish bath unexpectedly bowles wants change terms contract found small archeological object great significance claims wants right excavate included lease once pascali serves translator intermediary pasha seeing objects gold collar antique statue head refuses grant excavation rights turkish pasha wants buy lease bowles much larger sum originally paid pascali bowles need keep pretense pascali knows small statue head forgery bowles intention start swindle turkish authorities enticing buy lease higher amount pascali part bowles earning exchange silence forcing bowles concede ploy complicated chance bowles makes real important archeological discovery large bronze statue boy greek times pristine condition deciding secretly retrieve statue bowles pascali delaying closing lease deal days pascali helps turkish authorities excavation intends use money bowles offers travel constantinople find happened reports thing given meaning life lydia bowles try persuade pascali leave island fall ottoman empire imminent believing bowles going swindle money pascali denounces turkish authorities guides night excavation site bowles lydia planning leave island americans taken statue shot killed turks pascali already regretting betrayed friends returns home find money letter bowles trying leave island pascali devastated useless mistakes reports were neither read nor kept loved lydia bowles caused deaths ottoman empire crumbles thing left pascali wait greeks,drama,comedy
"Dr Aubrey Mather, an advocate for compulsory medical examinations for both the sexes prior to marriage, consents to the marriage of his daughter, Dorothy, to Count Delvo, on condition that he can present a clean bill of health. The Count is revealed to have a general disease. His doctor, Stirling Worth (Fred Oppey), advises him to postpone the wedding but the Count wants to go ahead and tells Dr Worth to remain silent. Worth is in love with Dorothy but agrees to take a bribe and not tell to care for his sick mother. But later, haunted by images of her having a crippled child, he ends up telling on Dr Mather about his patient on the day of the wedding. The Count shoots Dr Worth and he dies in Dorothy's arms.[3][4]",dr aubrey mather advocate compulsory medical examinations sexes prior marriage consents marriage daughter dorothy count delvo condition present clean bill health count revealed general disease doctor stirling worth fred oppey advises postpone wedding count wants ahead dr worth remain silent worth love dorothy agrees bribe tell care sick mother haunted images crippled child ends telling dr mather patient day wedding count shoots dr worth dies dorothy arms,drama,horror
"Six-year-old Moonee lives with her young mother Halley in the Magic Castle, a motel in Kissimmee, Florida near Walt Disney World. She spends most of her summer days unsupervised with her motel-resident friends Scooty and Dicky, engaging in mischief, mooching from tourists, stealing, and other misbehavior. After the three children are caught spitting on a guest's car, Dicky's father restricts him from playing with Moonee and Scooty. While cleaning up the guest's car they had spat on, Moonee meets Jancey, a child living at the Futureland motel next door, and invites her to hang out with them. Later on, Dicky's family relocates to New Orleans, which saddens the group. Bobby, the manager of Magic Castle, is protective of the children. Halley, struggling to pay rent, hawks perfume to tourists in hotel parking lots and asks Scooty's mother, Ashley, to steal food for them from the diner where she works. However, Ashley cuts contact after discovering Moonee, Scooty, and Jancey set an abandoned condominium on fire. Halley begins offering her services online as a prostitute, closing Moonee in the bathroom when she has a client. Bobby notices the activity and applies restrictions on unregistered guests in her motel room. When she steals a client's Disney resort passes to sell them, the man returns to demand them back; Bobby sees him off but warns Halley that he will evict her if the prostitution continues. Desperate, Halley approaches Ashley to apologize and ask for money. When Ashley mocks her for her prostitution, Halley beats her in front of Scooty. The next day, Florida Department of Children and Families (DCF) arrive to investigate Halley. She cleans up the room and gives away her cannabis, but remains defiant. She takes Moonee to a resort hotel restaurant, where they charge the meal to a guest's room. When they return to the motel, DCF and the police are waiting to take Moonee into foster care pending investigation. Moonee runs away to find Jancey, and together they run away to the Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World.",six year old moonee lives young mother halley magic castle motel kissimmee florida near walt disney world spends most summer days unsupervised motel resident friends scooty dicky engaging mischief mooching tourists stealing misbehavior three children caught spitting guest car dicky restricts playing moonee scooty cleaning guest car spat moonee meets jancey child living futureland motel door invites hang dicky family relocates orleans saddens group bobby manager magic castle protective children halley struggling pay rent hawks perfume tourists hotel parking lots scooty mother ashley steal food diner works ashley cuts contact discovering moonee scooty jancey set abandoned condominium fire halley offering services online prostitute closing moonee bathroom client bobby notices activity applies restrictions unregistered guests motel room steals client disney resort passes sell returns demand bobby sees warns halley evict prostitution continues desperate halley approaches ashley apologize ask money ashley mocks prostitution halley beats front scooty day florida department children families dcf arrive investigate halley cleans room gives cannabis remains defiant moonee resort hotel restaurant charge meal guest room return motel dcf police waiting moonee foster care pending investigation moonee runs find jancey together run magic kingdom park walt disney world,drama,comedy
"In June 2044, the Robotech Expeditionary Force (REF) fleet gathers at Moon Base ALUCE for its final attempt to drive the alien Invid from the Earth. This time, the REF has important technological advantages thanks to the help of the Sentinel races; the Karbarrans provided the industrial resources to construct this armada, while a secretive and highly advanced cybernetic race known as the Haydonites have provided advanced technology including Shadow devices, which make REF ships invisible to Invid sensors, and Syncro-Cannons, which are significantly more powerful than the REF's earlier weapons. The REF fleet is led by newly completed SDF-4 Izumo, a Super Dimensional Fortress over 1.3 km (0.8 miles) long under the command of General Gunther Reinhardt. Resistance forces on Earth, now aided by REF Commando units secretly dispatched in advance, are prepared to launch a simultaneous ground assault against the primary Invid hive at Reflex Point while the Invid's main forces engage the REF fleet. If both of these attacks fail, the REF has been authorized to use the devastating Neutron-S missiles as a last resort - although these missiles are more than capable of destroying the Invid, they will also wipe out most (or possibly all) life on earth. Among the REF fighter pilots are Maia Sterling, Marcus Rush and Alex Romero, all of whom were born in space during the REF mission and have never seen Earth. Lieutenant Commander Maia Sterling, a daughter of famed pilots Max Sterling and Miriya Parina Sterling and sister of Dana Sterling, has just been given command of the famed Skull Squadron. Marcus and Alex, both lieutenants, are part of Wolf Squadron under the command of Captain Daryl Taylor. When Marcus first sees Maia, he finds himself attracted to her but only manages a bungled pass. Marcus, whose sister Marlene was killed in a previous REF assault on Earth two years earlier, harbors a deep hatred of the Invid. As the film opens, General Reinhardt sends Vince Grant, captain of the Icarus, one of the REF's five newly completed Shimakaze-class battlecruisers, on a rescue mission to look for the SDF-3 and Admiral Rick Hunter, chief military commander of all REF forces. In its last transmission to the REF, it seems that the SDF-3 was involved in an accident of some kind while overseeing the test of the Neutron-S missile in the Omicron Sector. Despite the disadvantage of not having the SDF-3 and its powerful arsenal, General Reinhardt is forced to begin the attack. The assault initially goes well as the REF capital ships fire their massive Syncro-Cannons, which destroy many Invid Carriers[3] before they can launch their fighters. REF fighter squadrons, armed with advanced weaponry and utilizing the Shadow technology that makes them invisible to the Invid sensors, easily cripple the first wave of the Invid attack. On the ground, the resistance forces and REF commando units push forward and approach within striking distance of Reflex Point. However, the Invid Regis, obsessed with holding on to Earth no matter the cost, launches all of her remaining forces in one final attack wave. All Invid fighters capable of space combat are sent against the REF fleet and all remaining Invid ground forces are ordered to retreat to Reflex Point for a last stand. When Reinhardt tries to get an update from the ground forces, he makes contact with resistance leader Scott Bernard, a survivor of one of the previous failed REF assaults. Scott informs Reinhardt that the attack is going poorly and that the REF ground forces have been forced to halt their advance while still out of range of Reflex Point. Ending the communication, Scott meets with Ariel, an Invid princess that looks like a young human woman, and Scott's love interest. Ariel hopes to convince her mother, the Invid Regis, that the humans and the Invid can live in peace. However, the Regis is skeptical of Ariel's words as she recognizes the Humans' new Shadow technology as something used by an ancient enemy of the Invid — the Children of the Shadow, and remains determined to fight to the bitter end. In space, REF fighter squadrons, despite their technological advantages, become overwhelmed by sheer Invid numbers and begin taking heavy losses. Invid fighters begin punching through the frontlines of the fleet and attacking the REF capital ships, further straining the ability of the REF to continue the battle. General Reinhardt is informed that the fleet is taking heavy losses and further attempts to contact the ground forces get no response. Meanwhile, more Invid Carriers arrive in orbit, and begin launching thousands more fighters against the already overwhelmed REF fleet. With the ground offensive stalled and the REF fleet hopelessly outnumbered, Reinhardt authorizes the use of Neutron-S missiles, but is unaware of the missiles' true power. However, the Regis' daughter Ariel finally convinces her mother to leave Earth rather than allow both races to be destroyed. This request, combined with the Regis' knowledge of the true power of the Neutron-S missiles, convinces the Regis that her race no longer belongs on Earth. She realizes that the REF has been fooled - if the REF had known how powerful the missiles were, they never would have used them. The Regis transforms the Invid race into a massive phoenix of pure energy, in the same manner by which the Invid first arrived on Earth, and ascends into the sky. As a parting gift to Ariel, who chooses to remain behind, the Regis destroys the Neutron-S missiles. The Invid stream of light flies off into space in search of a new planet on which to continue their evolution, thus ending the Third Robotech War. Meanwhile, in the Omicron sector, the Icarus arrives and locates the SDF-3 near a newly created black hole. The Icarus barely escapes the massive gravational pull of the black hole - but sustains damage to all of its Shadow technology, including the Shadow device and its Syncro-Cannon. A sensor scan then reveals that both the SDF-3 and the science vessel Deukalion, have been badly damaged by an accident involving the testing of the new Neutron-S missiles. Captain Vince Grant makes contact with Admiral Rick Hunter, who explains that they have discovered a critical flaw with the Neutron-S missiles and that the REF must be warned that the missiles cannot be used on Earth under any circumstances. He also orders Grant to take the Deukalion, which has recorded critical information. After securing the Deukalion with the Icarus' clamps, Grant moves the Icarus close to the SDF-3 so that its hyperspatial fold-sphere will encompass both ships and enable them to return to Earth. However, a group of unknown alien warships attack the Icarus. Just as they are about to initiate the fold-sphere, one of the alien vessels rams the SDF-3, pushing it out of range of the sphere and toward the black hole. Grant, following Hunter's orders that the REF must be warned about the true nature of the missiles, engages the Icarus's hyperfold drive and races back to Earth. The SDF-3 is left behind, adrift in space and caught in the black hole's gravitational pull. With the battle over, the REF orders its damaged ships to Space Station Liberty for repairs. Since Earth will be vulnerable while the REF rebuilds, the fighter squadrons will remain at Moon Base ALUCE. However, the Invid took all of the Protoculture with them and the REF only has enough power to last a little less than a year. The only way to generate more power is with the Protoculture Matrix on board the SDF-3. Due to the heavy losses (including the death of Wolf Squadron commander Daryl Taylor), Wolf Squadron, home of Marcus Rush and Alex Romero, is folded into Maia Sterling's Skull Squadron. Back on Earth, Scott is surprised to find that Ariel has stayed behind. Despite his feelings for her, Scott decides to leave and try and convince the REF leadership that humanity can co-exist with the Invid. As he flies to the main REF base at Moon Base ALUCE (Advanced LUnar Chemical Engineering), he stumbles upon the just-arrived Icarus, and several unknown alien fighters that it accidentally brought with it. He helps the Icarus against the fighters, and then escorts it to ALUCE. Once there, he is reunited with Marcus, who is the younger brother of Scott's late fiancée, Marlene, who was killed in a previous REF assault two years earlier. Marcus is overjoyed to see Scott again, and Scott is impressed that Marcus has become a skilled fighter pilot. However, Marcus' joy at seeing Scott again is soon tempered when Scott confirms that Marlene did not survive. The Deukalion is examined, and the only surviving crew member is Janice Em, an gynoid that uses a holographic overlay that makes her look like a young woman. Louie Nichols, a scientist and veteran of the Second Robotech War, takes Janice to the science lab, and the two go over the test data to try and figure out what went wrong with the missile test. While there, Louie learns from Janice that the Haydonites aided the REF because they'd also suffered greatly at the hands of the Invid. Janice herself is a combination of Human and Haydonite technology, built to act as an emissary for the two races, as the Haydonites prefer not to deal with outsiders directly (as established in the prelude comic, only the most senior members of the REF are even aware of the Haydonites' existence). Ariel, after using her teleportation power to travel to Moon Base ALUCE, suddenly walks up behind Scott, and surprises him. In an empty room, Ariel informs Scott that the reason she came to see him was because she had a vision. The Children of the Shadow are planning on attacking the REF. The Children destroyed the first Invid homeworld because they fear the power of Protoculture, and they will attack the Humans for the same reason. The discussion is interrupted by Marcus and Alex, and Marcus realizes that Ariel is an Invid. Scott is arrested and interrogated, where he warns of the impending attack, and reveals the Children's connection to the new REF technologies. The name Scott uses for the alien race is unfamiliar, while Reinhardt suspects that the warning is an attempt by the Invid to drive a wedge between the REF and the Haydonites. Suddenly, all contact with Space Station Liberty is lost. When the Icarus arrives, Liberty is under attack by a large fleet of alien ships which have jammed all communications. The battle is going poorly for the REF; capital ships are being destroyed with just one hit by a disrupter wave emitted by the enemy fleet which causes the REF's Synchro-Cannons to overload and explode. Instead of charging into the battle, Vince sends Skull Squadron to collect information. While flying through the REF fleet, Skull Squadron records an REF carrier destroyed due to a single hit on its reflex furnace. Scans reveal that the Shadow device on the carrier caused its reflex furnace to implode when triggered by the enemy's disrupter wave. Janice sees the footage, and realizes that such an event should be impossible, due to the Shadow technology incorporated in all REF vessels. It then becomes clear that the Haydonites are in fact the mysterious Children of the Shadow, and that Ariel's warning was true. By now, 89% of the REF forces that engaged the Haydonites at Liberty have been destroyed. Captain Vince Grant, after watching the carrier explode, slams his fist as he realizes that every piece of technology the Haydonites have given to the REF contains some kind of Trojan Horse. Grant, suspecting that Janice may also be aligned with the Haydonites, orders her arrested and removed from the bridge. Unable to restore communications, Grant is unable to warn the remaining ships of these findings, and they are left to fight a hopeless battle. Maia Sterling initially leads her Skull Squadron into battle, but is called back (since the Haydonite-supplied Syncro-Cannons equipped on the fighters will make any engagement futile) and is ordered to head to Space Station Liberty, and try to acquire fighters that don't incorporate Haydonite technology. As they approach Liberty, the squadron is pursued by Haydonite fighters. Alex Romero tries to engage them but his Syncro-Cannon, crippled by the Haydonite attack, malfunctions and his fighter becomes stalled. Despite the pleas of Maia and Marcus for Alex to eject, he flies into the enemy squadron as his fighter explodes, destroying himself and the enemy fighters. Maia is visibly upset by Alex's sacrifice while Marcus, who was Alex's best friend, is completely devastated. Since the Icarus, which is equipped with Shadow technology, is no longer a viable ship, Vince orders the Icarus to dock with Space Station Liberty. Louie scans Liberty's ship registry for capital ships that have no Shadow technology but finds only one: the massive colony ship Ark Angel. Vince orders the evacuation of all station personnel to the Ark Angel, and gives Louie one hour to get the ship's inactive reflex furnace online. Ariel uses her teleportation power to assist in the evacuation after transporting Louie and his team immediately to the Ark Angel. In the meantime, Skull Squadron has located brand-new prototype Advanced Shadow Fighters that haven't had the Shadow technology installed yet, and Maia promises to buy time for the evacuation. As Janice is taken to a detention area, two Haydonite soldiers blast into the hallway and confront her. After Janice refuses to cooperate, the soldiers decide she is now expendable. Just then, Scott Bernard appears in combat armor and opens fire, killing one of the soldiers. The remaining soldier then removes his cloak, revealing the true form of the Haydonites. As it flies toward Scott, Grant also in combat armor, appears and opens fire, mortally wounding it. Realizing that Janice was also betrayed by the Haydonites (who now want her dead), Grant asks her to continue to serve with the REF, to which Janice readily agrees. Scott and Vince board Cyclones, and prepare to head into the space station. Liberty has the remaining stockpile of Neutron-S missiles, and Vince sets one to self-destruct. The Ark Angel is able to depart as planned, with the Icarus following closely. The Haydonites, unaware of Grant's plan, move their fleet towards Liberty to destroy the Ark Angel as Skull Squadron continues to engage the Haydonite fighters. During the battle, Maia's fighter takes damage and she is forced to eject. Marcus uses his fighters' robotic hands to grab Maia's ejection pod and throw it towards the Ark Angel as it prepares to enter a spacefold. Marcus, deciding he has no reason to live, holds down his weapon triggers and launches a suicide run against the Haydonites to hold them off long enough for Ark Angel to escape. Just as the Ark Angel initiates a spacefold, the Neutron-S warheads detonate with a massive explosion, destroying Liberty and the entire Haydonite fleet. Marcus sees a white light and has a vision of his sister Marlene, who tells him it is not his time to die and that she will always be with him. Marcus begs her not to leave him, before he wakes up on board the Ark Angel, with Ariel by his side. Ariel then reveals that she used her teleportation power to save him. Marcus, almost angrily, asks Ariel why she saved his life, since he has so much hatred for the Invid. Ariel simply tells him hatred can only breed more hatred. It is not what we seek... any of us and Marcus is left at a loss for words. As the Ark Angel approaches Earth, Maia and Marcus console each other over the recent events. Marcus is despondent as he states that everyone he has been close to; his sister Marlene, his former commanding officer (Daryl Taylor) and his best friend (Alex Romero) have been taken by war. Maia is also despondent as she states that most of her family was aboard the SDF-3, which is lost in space and may have been destroyed. Maia puts her head on Marcus' shoulder and the two look out a viewport as the Ark Angel flies over Earth's surface, which neither of them has seen until now. General Reinhardt gives Vince his new orders: Vince and his crew are to take the Ark Angel and attempt to locate the SDF-3, which may not have been destroyed as initially thought. As Scott and Ariel share a kiss, Louie does his best to reassure a confused and uncertain Janice that We will win.",june robotech expeditionary force ref fleet gathers moon base aluce final attempt drive alien invid earth time ref important technological advantages thanks sentinel races karbarrans provided industrial resources construct armada secretive highly advanced cybernetic race known haydonites provided advanced technology including shadow devices ref ships invisible invid sensors syncro cannons significantly powerful than ref earlier weapons ref fleet led newly completed sdf izumo super dimensional fortress km miles long under command general gunther reinhardt resistance forces earth aided ref commando units secretly dispatched advance prepared launch simultaneous ground assault against primary invid hive reflex point invid main forces engage ref fleet these attacks fail ref authorized use devastating neutron s missiles last resort although these missiles than capable destroying invid wipe most or possibly life earth among ref fighter pilots maia sterling marcus rush alex romero whom were born space ref mission never seen earth lieutenant commander maia sterling daughter famed pilots max sterling miriya parina sterling sister dana sterling given command famed skull squadron marcus alex lieutenants part wolf squadron under command captain daryl taylor marcus sees maia attracted manages bungled pass marcus whose sister marlene killed previous ref assault earth years earlier harbors deep hatred invid film opens general reinhardt sends vince grant captain icarus ref five newly completed shimakaze class battlecruisers rescue mission look sdf admiral rick hunter chief military commander ref forces last transmission ref seems sdf involved accident kind overseeing test neutron s missile omicron sector despite disadvantage sdf powerful arsenal general reinhardt forced begin attack assault initially well ref capital ships fire massive syncro cannons destroy many invid carriers launch fighters ref fighter squadrons armed advanced weaponry utilizing shadow technology makes invisible invid sensors easily cripple wave invid attack ground resistance forces ref commando units push forward approach within striking distance reflex point invid regis obsessed holding earth matter cost launches remaining forces final attack wave invid fighters capable space combat sent against ref fleet remaining invid ground forces ordered retreat reflex point last stand reinhardt update ground forces makes contact resistance leader scott bernard survivor previous failed ref assaults scott informs reinhardt attack going poorly ref ground forces forced halt advance range reflex point ending communication scott meets ariel invid princess looks like young human woman scott love interest ariel hopes convince mother invid regis humans invid live peace regis skeptical ariel words recognizes humans shadow technology something used ancient enemy invid children shadow remains determined fight bitter end space ref fighter squadrons despite technological advantages become overwhelmed sheer invid numbers begin taking heavy losses invid fighters begin punching frontlines fleet attacking ref capital ships further straining ability ref continue battle general reinhardt informed fleet taking heavy losses further attempts contact ground forces response invid carriers arrive orbit begin launching thousands fighters against already overwhelmed ref fleet ground offensive stalled ref fleet hopelessly outnumbered reinhardt authorizes use neutron s missiles unaware missiles true power regis daughter ariel finally convinces mother leave earth rather than allow races destroyed request combined regis knowledge true power neutron s missiles convinces regis race longer belongs earth realizes ref fooled ref known how powerful missiles were never would used regis transforms invid race massive phoenix pure energy same manner invid arrived earth ascends sky parting gift ariel chooses remain behind regis destroys neutron s missiles invid stream light flies space search planet continue evolution thus ending third robotech war omicron sector icarus arrives locates sdf near newly created black hole icarus barely escapes massive gravational pull black hole sustains damage shadow technology including shadow device syncro cannon sensor scan reveals sdf science vessel deukalion badly damaged accident involving testing neutron s missiles captain vince grant makes contact admiral rick hunter explains discovered critical flaw neutron s missiles ref must warned missiles cannot used earth under any circumstances orders grant deukalion recorded critical information securing deukalion icarus clamps grant moves icarus close sdf hyperspatial fold sphere encompass ships enable return earth group unknown alien warships attack icarus initiate fold sphere alien vessels rams sdf pushing range sphere toward black hole grant following hunter orders ref must warned true nature missiles engages icarus hyperfold drive races earth sdf left behind adrift space caught black hole gravitational pull battle ref orders damaged ships space station liberty repairs since earth vulnerable ref rebuilds fighter squadrons remain moon base aluce invid took protoculture ref enough power last little less than year generate power protoculture matrix board sdf due heavy losses including death wolf squadron commander daryl taylor wolf squadron home marcus rush alex romero folded maia sterling skull squadron earth scott surprised find ariel stayed behind despite feelings scott decides leave try convince ref leadership humanity co exist invid flies main ref base moon base aluce advanced lunar chemical engineering stumbles upon arrived icarus several unknown alien fighters accidentally brought helps icarus against fighters escorts aluce once reunited marcus younger brother scott late fianc e marlene killed previous ref assault years earlier marcus overjoyed see scott scott impressed marcus become skilled fighter pilot marcus joy seeing scott tempered scott confirms marlene did survive deukalion examined surviving crew member janice em gynoid uses holographic overlay makes look like young woman louie nichols scientist veteran second robotech war janice science lab test data try figure went wrong missile test louie learns janice haydonites aided ref would suffered greatly hands invid janice herself combination human haydonite technology built act emissary races haydonites prefer deal outsiders directly established prelude comic most senior members ref even aware haydonites existence ariel using teleportation power travel moon base aluce suddenly walks behind scott surprises empty room ariel informs scott reason came see vision children shadow planning attacking ref children destroyed invid homeworld fear power protoculture attack humans same reason discussion interrupted marcus alex marcus realizes ariel invid scott arrested interrogated warns impending attack reveals children connection ref technologies name scott uses alien race unfamiliar reinhardt suspects warning attempt invid drive wedge ref haydonites suddenly contact space station liberty lost icarus arrives liberty under attack large fleet alien ships jammed communications battle going poorly ref capital ships destroyed hit disrupter wave emitted enemy fleet causes ref synchro cannons overload explode instead charging battle vince sends skull squadron collect information flying ref fleet skull squadron records ref carrier destroyed due single hit reflex furnace scans reveal shadow device carrier caused reflex furnace implode triggered enemy disrupter wave janice sees footage realizes such event should impossible due shadow technology incorporated ref vessels clear haydonites fact mysterious children shadow ariel warning true ref forces engaged haydonites liberty destroyed captain vince grant watching carrier explode slams fist realizes every piece technology haydonites given ref contains kind trojan horse grant suspecting janice may aligned haydonites orders arrested removed bridge unable restore communications grant unable warn remaining ships these findings left fight hopeless battle maia sterling initially leads skull squadron battle called since haydonite supplied syncro cannons equipped fighters any engagement futile ordered head space station liberty try acquire fighters do incorporate haydonite technology approach liberty squadron pursued haydonite fighters alex romero engage syncro cannon crippled haydonite attack malfunctions fighter stalled despite pleas maia marcus alex eject flies enemy squadron fighter explodes destroying enemy fighters maia visibly upset alex sacrifice marcus alex best friend completely devastated since icarus equipped shadow technology longer viable ship vince orders icarus dock space station liberty louie scans liberty ship registry capital ships shadow technology massive colony ship ark angel vince orders evacuation station personnel ark angel gives louie hour ship inactive reflex furnace online ariel uses teleportation power assist evacuation transporting louie team immediately ark angel meantime skull squadron located brand prototype advanced shadow fighters shadow technology installed yet maia promises buy time evacuation janice taken detention area haydonite soldiers blast hallway confront janice refuses cooperate soldiers decide expendable scott bernard appears combat armor opens fire killing soldiers remaining soldier removes cloak revealing true form haydonites flies toward scott grant combat armor appears opens fire mortally wounding realizing janice betrayed haydonites want dead grant continue serve ref janice readily agrees scott vince board cyclones prepare head space station liberty remaining stockpile neutron s missiles vince sets self destruct ark angel able depart planned icarus following closely haydonites unaware grant plan move fleet towards liberty destroy ark angel skull squadron continues engage haydonite fighters battle maia fighter damage forced eject marcus uses fighters robotic hands grab maia ejection pod throw towards ark angel prepares enter spacefold marcus deciding reason live holds weapon triggers launches suicide run against haydonites hold long enough ark angel escape ark angel initiates spacefold neutron s warheads detonate massive explosion destroying liberty entire haydonite fleet marcus sees white light vision sister marlene time die always marcus begs leave wakes board ark angel ariel side ariel reveals used teleportation power save marcus almost angrily ariel why saved life since much hatred invid ariel simply hatred breed hatred we seek any us marcus left loss words ark angel approaches earth maia marcus console each recent events marcus despondent states everyone close sister marlene former commanding officer daryl taylor best friend alex romero taken war maia despondent states most family aboard sdf lost space may destroyed maia puts head marcus shoulder look viewport ark angel flies earth surface neither seen until general reinhardt gives vince orders vince crew ark angel attempt locate sdf may destroyed initially thought scott ariel share kiss louie best reassure confused uncertain janice we win,animation,sci-fi
"Eddie Marino (Robert Forster) is a factory worker in New York City. He has a wife named Vickie (Rutanya Alda) and an eight-year-old son named Scott (Dante Joseph). Eddie's friend and co-worker, Nick (Fred Williamson), and two other co-workers, Burke and Ramon, have formed a secret vigilante group because Nick and the group are fed up with the crime in their neighborhoods. Nick and his group are also tired of the police, because the police always fail to protect people. Nick's group has support of various residents of the neighborhood who indirectly help them. In one example, a local thug stalks and chases a young woman to a rooftop of an apartment building where the thug robs and then kills her. An old lady who witnesses the thug says nothing to the police, but points out the thug to Nick and his group the next day. Nick and his friends forcibly grab the thug off the streets and place him in their van and drive away. The thug is later found dead in a vacant lot with all of his arms and legs broken and his head bashed in. One evening, Eddie returns home from work only to discover that Vickie has been stabbed, and Scott has been shot dead in a home invasion which was in retaliation for Vickie aiding a gas station attendant who was being assaulted earlier. Frederico Rico Melendez (Willie Colón), the leader of a Puerto Rican street gang, is arrested for the crime. Assistant District Attorney Mary Fletcher (Carol Lynley) seeks a lengthy jail sentence, since New York does not have the death penalty. Nick tries to convince Eddie to join the vigilante group, but Eddie turns Nick down, preferring to let the courts handle Rico. Nick's lack of faith in the system is proven correct when Rico is set free after his right-hand man, Prago (Don Blakely), bribes both Judge Sinclair (Vincent Beck) and Eisenburg (Joe Spinell), Rico's attorney. Enraged, Eddie attacks the judge and is sentenced to 30 days in jail. With Eddie in jail, the vigilante group tracks down the source of the drugs in their neighborhood. After roughing up a small-time drug dealer (Frank Pesce) and torturing his supplier, they are led to a high-ranking member of the New York mayor's office. Meanwhile, in prison, Eddie befriends an inmate named Rake (Woody Strode) who saves him from being gang raped in the showers. As soon as Eddie is released from jail, he joins the vigilante group so he can track down and kill Rico, Prago, and Judge Sinclair. Eddie, Nick, Burke and Ramon confront Rico in his seedy apartment, where Rico denies killing Eddie's son and insists it was Prago. An unmoved Eddie shoots him dead, but narrowly escapes death when Rico's girlfriend attempts to shoot him; she wounds Burke instead, and Nick kills her in self-defense. Upon hearing about Rico's death, Prago takes over command of the gang and mistakenly assumes that dirty cops killed Rico. The following night, Prago and the gang ambush a police car and kill both cops. Vickie is released from the hospital, but refuses to come home to Eddie and she leaves him, unable to be in the very house where their son was killed. Eddie decides to move away too, disgusted with himself over killing a man as well as in fear that the gang will track him down. Nick unsuccessfully attempts to persuades him to stay and fight. As Eddie leaves Brooklyn, he recognizes Prago and follows him on foot. Prago soon spots Eddie and they shoot at each other. Prago hijacks a car, and Eddie steals a car to follow him. The chase leads to a local dockyard mill where both cars crash. Eddie chases Prago on foot again, then confronts him on a storage tower. Sadistic and insane to the last, Prago admits to killing Scott, and then dares Eddie to kill him; Eddie responds by throwing Prago off the tower to his death without hesitating. Later, Eddie plants a bomb in Judge Sinclair's car, then watches from a distance as it explodes and kills Sinclair. The film ends as Eddie drives away to an unknown destination.",eddie marino robert forster factory worker york city wife named vickie rutanya alda eight year old son named scott dante joseph eddie friend co worker nick fred williamson co workers burke ramon formed secret vigilante group nick group fed crime neighborhoods nick group tired police police always fail protect people nick group support various residents neighborhood indirectly example local thug stalks chases young woman rooftop apartment building thug robs kills old lady witnesses thug says nothing police points thug nick group day nick friends forcibly grab thug streets place van drive thug found dead vacant lot arms legs broken head bashed evening eddie returns home work discover vickie stabbed scott shot dead home invasion retaliation vickie aiding gas station attendant assaulted earlier frederico rico melendez willie col n leader puerto rican street gang arrested crime assistant district attorney mary fletcher carol lynley seeks lengthy jail sentence since york death penalty nick convince eddie join vigilante group eddie turns nick preferring let courts handle rico nick lack faith system proven correct rico set free right hand prago don blakely bribes judge sinclair vincent beck eisenburg joe spinell rico attorney enraged eddie attacks judge sentenced days jail eddie jail vigilante group tracks source drugs neighborhood roughing small time drug dealer frank pesce torturing supplier led high ranking member york mayor office prison eddie befriends inmate named rake woody strode saves gang raped showers eddie released jail joins vigilante group track kill rico prago judge sinclair eddie nick burke ramon confront rico seedy apartment rico denies killing eddie son insists prago unmoved eddie shoots dead narrowly escapes death rico girlfriend attempts shoot wounds burke instead nick kills self defense upon hearing rico death prago command gang mistakenly assumes dirty cops killed rico following night prago gang ambush police car kill cops vickie released hospital refuses home eddie leaves unable very son killed eddie decides move too disgusted killing well fear gang track nick unsuccessfully attempts persuades stay fight eddie leaves brooklyn recognizes prago follows foot prago spots eddie shoot each prago hijacks car eddie steals car follow chase leads local dockyard mill cars crash eddie chases prago foot confronts storage tower sadistic insane last prago admits killing scott dares eddie kill eddie responds throwing prago tower death without hesitating eddie plants bomb judge sinclair car watches distance explodes kills sinclair film ends eddie drives unknown destination,action,crime
"Authorities in the United Kingdom discover an unconscious man in the river Thames who was shot in the back and who is radioactive. They also learn that he, a scientist, has an exact physical double; the good man tries to help find his evil doppelgänger before he destroys the institute and his valuable work for mankind.",authorities united kingdom discover unconscious river thames shot radioactive learn scientist exact physical double good find evil doppelg nger destroys institute valuable work mankind,sci-fi,horror
"Wealthy Congresswoman Margaret Wyndham Chase wants to run for governor of an unnamed state and needs the help of a political boss named Eddie Ace to stand a chance of making it all the way. In an attempt to grease him, she invites him to a dinner where also her other powerful friends will be attending. Margaret has another problem. Her husband, Pembroke Chase III, wants a divorce, but she wants to keep up appearances until the governor's election is over. She refuses to sign the document he lays before her. Chase threatens her by saying he will try to ruin her campaign if she doesn't comply with his wish. She, in turn, threatens to reveal his many affairs to the public. Chase tries to ruin the dinner by bad-talking Margaret in front of the others. He gets support from Ace, who believes that beautiful women should stay away from politics. Even Margaret's friend, political science professor Joshua Adams, wants Ace to stop her from running for governor. Adams says he isn't opposed to women in politics but doesn't want Margaret to do it, and believes that she needs more heart to be a truly great governor. Ace introduces Chase to his cronies, The Tomahawk Club, and she charms them all. Later they have a date and Ace begins to fall for Ace. Adams asks Ace to prevent Margaret from being elected, even though he believes that she would make a good governor if she learned to use her heart. Margaret isn't discouraged by this, but decides to work harder on changing the men's views. She meets with Ace and Adams again to discuss politics, and afterwards she asks Ace to drive her to her house in the country. Ace complies and ends up kissing her goodnight, even though he refuses to change his mind about the governor issue. Margaret continues to scheme to persuade Ace to help her. She talks to one of Ace's employees, Toomey, and convinces him to help her. With his help, Margaret is finally nominated to run for governor. But Chase puts gravel in the machinery by forcing her to divorcing him, claiming that she has had an extramarital affair with Ace. He also claims Ace will testify to what happened at the country house. This makes Margaret pull out of the race entirely and agree to the divorce. Adams and Ace decide to host an independent party to support Margaret as a new, reformed candidate. Adams ask Margaret to run on a special issue opposing machine politics, and she agrees. With thos support behind her, Margaret wins the election. She is unaware that she got the support of Ace in the run. When Margaret meets Ace after the race, she promises to be the best governor possible, and they kiss to seal the deal.",wealthy congresswoman margaret wyndham chase wants run governor unnamed state needs political boss named eddie ace stand chance making attempt grease invites dinner powerful friends attending margaret problem husband pembroke chase iii wants divorce wants keep appearances until governor election refuses sign document lays chase threatens saying try ruin campaign comply wish turn threatens reveal many affairs public chase ruin dinner bad talking margaret front others support ace believes beautiful women should stay politics even margaret friend political science professor joshua adams wants ace stop running governor adams says opposed women politics want margaret do believes needs heart truly great governor ace introduces chase cronies tomahawk club charms date ace fall ace adams ace prevent margaret elected even though believes would good governor learned use heart margaret discouraged decides work harder changing men views meets ace adams discuss politics afterwards ace drive country ace complies ends kissing goodnight even though refuses change mind governor issue margaret continues scheme persuade ace talks ace employees toomey convinces margaret finally nominated run governor chase puts gravel machinery forcing divorcing claiming extramarital affair ace claims ace testify happened country makes margaret pull race entirely agree divorce adams ace decide host independent party support margaret reformed candidate adams ask margaret run special issue opposing machine politics agrees thos support behind margaret wins election unaware got support ace run margaret meets ace race promises best governor possible kiss seal deal,crime,drama
"Having survived their fall at the end of the first film, Duane Bradley and his hideously deformed brother Belial are rescued from the hospital by an elderly woman named Ruth who, along with her beautiful granddaughter, are the caretakers of an extended family of similarly deformed individuals. When a snooping tabloid reporter and a sleazy photographer threaten to endanger the community's welfare, the two brothers join with the freaks to defend their privacy with a vengeance.",survived fall end film duane bradley hideously deformed brother belial rescued hospital elderly woman named ruth along beautiful granddaughter caretakers extended family similarly deformed individuals snooping tabloid reporter sleazy photographer threaten endanger community welfare brothers join freaks defend privacy vengeance,horror,drama
The story revolves around a film unit which help the two estranged lovers unite.[2],story revolves around film unit estranged lovers unite,comedy,romance
"Car thief Dick Kanipsia gets a parole from a penitentiary. He intends to go straight, but first he goes directly to see an old friend Harry Moss, only to be shocked to see Harry get shot. Harry's dying words tell Dick to find Barry Fenaka, a guy who supposedly knows where to find a stash of stolen cash that Harry has hidden. Instead of dying slowly, Harry blows himself up with dynamite. As Dick flees the scene, a black van lurks in the trees. Dick hitches a ride with Kitty Kopetzky, who starts out as a friendly free spirit, then turns into a nut case who robs a diner where she and Dick go to eat. Dick flees during her robbery and catches a passing bus. Fenaka turns out to be a small-time bandleader. He explains to Dick that he and Harry embezzled $320,000, and paid a man named Palmer to stash it for them. He and his wife take Dick to go get the money. They travel by car, with an Air Stream Land Yacht in tow. At Palmer's office, they find a man named Holdebrooke who tells them that Palmer moved to Pismo Beach. As they follow Palmer's trail, the trio worry about the black camper van that seems to follow them. It is labelled Willow Camp for Boys and Girls. At the beach, Barry finds out that Palmer is now in Susanville. Somehow, Kitty tracks Dick down and joins the crew. An identical black van joins the first, and when Barry disappears, Dick and the women become convinced that he is in one of the vans. They track the vans to a trailer camp, and Dick realizes that they are being followed by people he has encountered throughout the entire trip. Kitty creates a distraction which allows them to evade capture. One of the black vans leaves the camp in a hurry, and Dick pursues them. In the ensuing chase, the other black van eventually catches up and drives Dick and the trailer off the road. He creates a roadblock and forces the black van to crash into a waste pit. In a shootout with one of the men from the van, Dick wounds his attacker and tracks him to a roadside vegetable stand. The wounded man is Holdebrooke, who confesses that he is really Palmer. He put all the money into the camp, but the location wasn't suitable, and the business failed. Barry arrives in a tow truck, revealing that he had simply gone for a tuna sandwich when Dick and the women thought he was abducted. He is thrilled to learn that the money was used to buy land. Dick walks away in disgust at the whole mess while Barry plots with his wife about how to manage the land.",car thief dick kanipsia parole penitentiary intends straight directly see old friend harry moss shocked see harry shot harry dying words tell dick find barry fenaka guy supposedly knows find stash stolen cash harry hidden instead dying slowly harry blows dynamite dick flees scene black van lurks trees dick hitches ride kitty kopetzky starts friendly free spirit turns nut case robs diner dick eat dick flees robbery catches passing bus fenaka turns small time bandleader explains dick harry embezzled paid named palmer stash wife dick money travel car air stream land yacht tow palmer office find named holdebrooke palmer moved pismo beach follow palmer trail trio worry black camper van seems follow labelled willow camp boys girls beach barry palmer susanville somehow kitty tracks dick joins crew identical black van joins barry disappears dick women become convinced vans track vans trailer camp dick realizes followed people encountered throughout entire trip kitty creates distraction allows evade capture black vans leaves camp hurry dick pursues ensuing chase black van catches drives dick trailer road creates roadblock forces black van crash waste pit shootout men van dick wounds attacker tracks roadside vegetable stand wounded holdebrooke confesses really palmer put money camp location suitable business failed barry arrives tow truck revealing simply gone tuna sandwich dick women thought abducted thrilled learn money used buy land dick walks disgust whole mess barry plots wife how manage land,crime,comedy
"A high-level cartel lawyer with dirty hands who is known only as The Counselor and his girlfriend Laura are talking sexily in bed. Meanwhile, somewhere in Mexico, cocaine is packaged in barrels and concealed in a sewage truck, driven across the border and stored at a sewage treatment plant. After the Counselor goes to Amsterdam to meet with a diamond dealer to purchase an engagement ring for Laura, he proposes and she accepts. At a party back in Texas thrown by Reiner and girlfriend Malkina, a former call-girl with a greedy lust for money, the Counselor discusses a nightclub he and Reiner intend to run, as well as an upcoming drug deal, which would be his first. The Counselor meets with Westray, a business associate of Reiner's. He hears of the deal's 4000-percent return rate, but Westray warns the Counselor about becoming involved, saying that Mexican cartels are merciless. The Counselor remains outwardly confident and unconcerned. Malkina gains knowledge of the deal through her access to Reiner and by conveniently overhearing various intercoms in Reiner's home. Reiner describes an execution device called the bolito which gradually strangles and decapitates the victim. Reiner also tells the Counselor how disturbed and oddly aroused he was from an incident where he witnessed Malkina masturbate with his Ferrari California's[4] windshield. The Counselor visits a client, a prison inmate named Ruth who is on trial for murder. Ruth's son is a biker and a valued drug cartel member known as the Green Hornet, recently arrested for speeding. The Counselor agrees to bail him out of jail. Malkina senses an opportunity to undermine the Counselor's upcoming deal and to profit for herself. She employs the Wireman to steal the drugs. He decapitates the biker, Ruth's recently released son, with a wire stretched across the highway. Then the Wireman steals the truck containing the cocaine. Learning of the theft, Westray meets with the Counselor to notify him that the biker is dead and the cocaine stolen, bleakly intoning the Counselor's culpability. Westray says he is leaving town immediately and suggests the Counselor do the same. Westray explains that the cartel's ruthlessness extends to creating snuff films where murder victims are filmed having necrophilia performed on them on camera. The Counselor makes an urgent call to Laura, arranging to meet her in another state, where he will explain. The cartel has learned that the Counselor bailed out the Green Hornet, which appears as suspicious timing and fully blameworthy for the punitive purposes of the cartel. In Texas, two cartel members pretending to be police officers pull over the Wireman and his accomplice, killing both and also gunning down an innocent driver who comes upon the scene. Reiner is accidentally killed by cartel members while they are attempting to capture him. The cartel then kidnaps Laura. In a last-ditch effort, The Counselor contacts Jefe, a high-ranking cartel member, for suggestions on what to do next. Jefe darkly and mordantly advises the Counselor to resign himself irrevocably to the choices he made long beforehand, speaking philosophically, citing the life and poetry of Antonio Machado to underline his advice. The Counselor goes to Mexico, hoping to find and rescue Laura there. A package is slipped under the door of his hotel room and in it he finds a DVD with Hola! written on it, breaking down in heavy sobs at the awareness that the disc likely contains a snuff film of Laura sent by the cartel. In an unnamed location, Laura's body is dumped into a landfill. Malkina's failed effort to steal the drugs does not deter her. She tracks Westray to London, where she hires a blonde woman to seduce him and steal his bank codes. She then has accomplices steal Westray's laptop, and he is killed with the bolito device that Reiner had previously described. Malkina then meets her banker at a restaurant, coolly explaining how she wants her profits and accounts to be handled.",high level cartel lawyer dirty hands known counselor girlfriend laura talking sexily bed somewhere mexico cocaine packaged barrels concealed sewage truck driven across border stored sewage treatment plant counselor amsterdam meet diamond dealer purchase engagement ring laura proposes accepts party texas thrown reiner girlfriend malkina former call girl greedy lust money counselor discusses nightclub reiner intend run well upcoming drug deal would counselor meets westray business associate reiner hears deal percent return rate westray warns counselor becoming involved saying mexican cartels merciless counselor remains outwardly confident unconcerned malkina gains knowledge deal access reiner conveniently overhearing various intercoms reiner home reiner describes execution device called bolito gradually strangles decapitates victim reiner counselor how disturbed oddly aroused incident witnessed malkina masturbate ferrari california windshield counselor visits client prison inmate named ruth trial murder ruth son biker valued drug cartel member known green hornet recently arrested speeding counselor agrees bail jail malkina senses opportunity undermine counselor upcoming deal profit herself employs wireman steal drugs decapitates biker ruth recently released son wire stretched across highway wireman steals truck containing cocaine learning theft westray meets counselor notify biker dead cocaine stolen bleakly intoning counselor culpability westray says leaving town immediately suggests counselor do same westray explains cartel ruthlessness extends creating snuff films murder victims filmed necrophilia performed camera counselor makes urgent call laura arranging meet state explain cartel learned counselor bailed green hornet appears suspicious timing fully blameworthy punitive purposes cartel texas cartel members pretending police officers pull wireman accomplice killing gunning innocent driver upon scene reiner accidentally killed cartel members attempting capture cartel kidnaps laura last ditch effort counselor contacts jefe high ranking cartel member suggestions do jefe darkly mordantly advises counselor resign irrevocably choices made long beforehand speaking philosophically citing life poetry antonio machado underline advice counselor mexico hoping find rescue laura package slipped under door hotel room dvd hola written breaking heavy sobs awareness disc likely contains snuff film laura sent cartel unnamed location laura body dumped landfill malkina failed effort steal drugs deter tracks westray london hires blonde woman seduce steal bank codes accomplices steal westray laptop killed bolito device reiner previously described malkina meets banker restaurant coolly explaining how wants profits accounts handled,crime,comedy
"Gracie (Fields) and Laurie (Dolman) are lovers who together form a musical act. Gracie sings and Laurie writes the songs, but when Laurie gets a taste of fame, he runs off after a glamorous actress.",gracie fields laurie dolman lovers together form musical act gracie sings laurie writes songs laurie taste fame runs glamorous actress,comedy,drama
"Set in 1998, six years after an apocalyptic nuclear war, a group of five U.S. Army deserters take refuge from acid rain in a seemingly abandoned laboratory complex in the ruins of Los Angeles. They soon discover that the lab was a top-secret government research center, where a hideous (if rather fickle) genetically-engineered monster still lurks.",set six years apocalyptic nuclear war group five u s army deserters refuge acid rain seemingly abandoned laboratory complex ruins los angeles discover lab top secret government research center hideous rather fickle genetically engineered monster lurks,sci-fi,horror
"In the near future, illegal androids have become commonplace, and many criminals will enhance themselves with cybernetic components, making them more than human. Alex Raine (Olivier Gruner) is a disillusioned assassin/bounty hunter for the LAPD. During a routine mission, he is attacked by a group of cyborg freedom fighters known as The Red Army Hammerheads. Nearly killed by the surviving leader, Rosaria (Jennifer Gatti), Alex resists her assertion that he is a mindless robot: Eighty-six point five percent [of him] is still human. After months of cybernetic reconstruction and recovery, Alex tracks Rosaria to Old Baja and kills her. Soon after this, his handlers show up - his former lover Jared (Marjorie Monaghan), who is an android, and another android, Sam. Alex decides he has had enough and leaves the LAPD, becoming a freelance hustler and triggerman. However, his LAPD bosses are just letting him run free for a while. After he is shot and badly wounded on a job, his old boss, Commissioner Farnsworth (Tim Thomerson), has him kidnapped and brought in for one final assignment. According to Germaine (Nicholas Guest), Jared has stolen vital security information regarding an upcoming summit between Japan and the United States, and must be stopped before she leaks the plans to the Red Army Hammerheads. Alex is told by Farnsworth that a bomb was implanted in his heart during his latest repairs. He is given three days to find Jared before she meets with the leader of the Hammerheads, Angie-Liv (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa); otherwise, the bomb will detonate and kill him. After flying to the island of Shang-Lu in the Pacific Rim, he is turned loose as bait for Jared. In reality, the freedom fighters are not battling against government control of people's lives, but for humanity's future. A newly designed android is infiltrating the higher echelons of human society, copying the minds of powerful leaders into synthetic bodies, Farnsworth among them. Jared threatens their plans, and so Alex's real mission is to smoke her out for the synthetics to destroy. Burnt out, Alex halfheartedly begins his search, checking into a local hotel. He is soon intercepted by Julian (Deborah Shelton), a cyborg representing Jared. She tells him he is being followed by an LAPD strike team led by Farnsworth, waiting for the opportunity to hit the Hammerheads and Jared. It turns out that Jared was fatally wounded in her escape from LA, requiring her memory core to be salvaged from her body. After removing a surveillance device implanted in Alex's eye, Julian injects him with a digital scrambler that prevents the bomb from being remotely detonated. She gives him Jared's memory core, enabling him to talk to her. The strike team storms the hotel and Julian sacrifices herself to let Alex escape. Alex eventually joins up with a local woman, Max (Merle Kennedy) who acts a scout for the Hammerheads while fronting as a tour guide. She is also the sister of Rosaria, the woman he'd killed in Old Baja. While she wants Alex dead, her loyalty to the freedom fighters comes first. He is brought to the Hammerheads and is convinced by Angie-Liv to join their cause. Unfortunately, the strike team tracks them down, leading to a shootout and chase through the rundown city. Most of the Hammerheads, including Angie-Liv, are killed by Farnsworth's men. Alex saves Max's life, eventually earning her forgiveness. In a confrontation with Farnsworth, Alex shoots him with a grenade launcher, apparently killing him. Alex and Max arrive at a secret hangar where Yoshiro (Yuji Okumoto), a surviving Hammerhead, is waiting. While launching their escape vehicle, an aerodyne, they are attacked by the cyborg Farnsworth, reduced to his mechanical endoskeleton. Alex defeats him, but suffers grave injuries in the process and discovers just how much of him really is synthetic. Alex brings Jared's core to another Hammerhead compound where they will be able to destroy the labs being used to duplicate people. Unfortunately this means wiping her memory from the core, effectively killing her. Heavily bandaged and temporarily blind, Alex is forced to say goodbye. Sneaking into LA and hunting down the synthetic agents, Alex corners Germaine on the helipad of LAPD headquarters. Despite Germaine's protests that he cannot hope to kill all the synthetics, Alex shoots him. Before she died, Jared told Alex that the real Commissioner Farnsworth left him a letter at an old dead drop. In it, his former mentor apologizes for his sometimes rough treatment, reminding him that they all have to do what is right. Alex walks off with his new partner Max, and they joke about how they are going to smuggle his synthetic body through airport customs: Piece by piece, Max...",near future illegal androids become commonplace many criminals enhance themselves cybernetic components making than human alex raine olivier gruner disillusioned assassin bounty hunter lapd routine mission attacked group cyborg freedom fighters known red army hammerheads nearly killed surviving leader rosaria jennifer gatti alex resists assertion mindless robot eighty six point five percent human months cybernetic reconstruction recovery alex tracks rosaria old baja kills handlers show former lover jared marjorie monaghan android android sam alex decides enough leaves lapd becoming freelance hustler triggerman lapd bosses letting run free shot badly wounded job old boss commissioner farnsworth tim thomerson kidnapped brought final assignment according germaine nicholas guest jared stolen vital security information regarding upcoming summit japan united states must stopped leaks plans red army hammerheads alex told farnsworth bomb implanted heart latest repairs given three days find jared meets leader hammerheads angie liv cary hiroyuki tagawa otherwise bomb detonate kill flying island shang lu pacific rim turned loose bait jared reality freedom fighters battling against government control people lives humanity future newly designed android infiltrating higher echelons human society copying minds powerful leaders synthetic bodies farnsworth among jared threatens plans alex real mission smoke synthetics destroy burnt alex halfheartedly search checking local hotel intercepted julian deborah shelton cyborg representing jared followed lapd strike team led farnsworth waiting opportunity hit hammerheads jared turns jared fatally wounded escape la requiring memory core salvaged body removing surveillance device implanted alex eye julian injects digital scrambler prevents bomb remotely detonated gives jared memory core enabling talk strike team storms hotel julian sacrifices herself let alex escape alex joins local woman max merle kennedy acts scout hammerheads fronting tour guide sister rosaria woman would killed old baja wants alex dead loyalty freedom fighters brought hammerheads convinced angie liv join cause unfortunately strike team tracks leading shootout chase rundown city most hammerheads including angie liv killed farnsworth men alex saves max life earning forgiveness confrontation farnsworth alex shoots grenade launcher apparently killing alex max arrive secret hangar yoshiro yuji okumoto surviving hammerhead waiting launching escape vehicle aerodyne attacked cyborg farnsworth reduced mechanical endoskeleton alex defeats suffers grave injuries process discovers how much really synthetic alex brings jared core hammerhead compound able destroy labs used duplicate people unfortunately means wiping memory core effectively killing heavily bandaged temporarily blind alex forced say goodbye sneaking la hunting synthetic agents alex corners germaine helipad lapd headquarters despite germaine protests cannot hope kill synthetics alex shoots died jared told alex real commissioner farnsworth left letter old dead drop former mentor apologizes sometimes rough treatment reminding do right alex walks partner max joke how going smuggle synthetic body airport customs piece piece max,sci-fi,action
"A simple handyman, who also is an amateur artist, gets into trouble when the head and shoulders portraits of some prominent local females are sold without his knowledge to an advertising agency and are published with nude bodies added to them.",simple handyman amateur artist trouble head shoulders portraits prominent local females sold without knowledge advertising agency published nude bodies added,comedy,drama
"Ajay joins a college in Shimla for further education. He meets Vikram and Nisha, two slackers in the college who just love playing pranks. Ajay is way different from them and an easy target. But after some initial hiccups, Ajay becomes friends with them. Soon, the trio are playing pranks on unsuspecting people. One day, they spot a stingy Seth (a wealthy man) and send him a fake typewritten extortion note, hoping to relieve him of his money. However, the next day, they find out through the newspaper that the man is dead. Based on the circumstances, they realize that they might end up as prime suspects in the case. They decide to destroy their incriminating typewriter, only to find it missing. Also, they realize that a stranger (Dev Kumar) is stalking them. Ajay and Nisha decide to tell police the truth, whether they believe it or not. But even before they can tell the truth, they are horrified to find Vikram dead. They meet Inspector Bhupendra Singh, who is investigating the case. The Inspector is sceptical, but gives them one chance to prove their innocence. From Vikram's personal belongings, they find out about a club singer named Sherie. Anticipating that Sherie may know as to why Vikram was killed, they go to meet Sherie. But when they go to her dressing room after her performance, they find her dead. The duo realize that Sherie was involved in some shady deals and Vikram was her partner. After trying to find out some information, they learn that Sherie acted as a middleman between a dreaded criminal named Black Cobra and the people who paid him. After learning that Black Cobra is an extortionist and the dead man was also on his payroll, blocks suddenly start falling into places. Ajay and Nisha deduce that the Seth thought the note was from Black Cobra and confronted him. The Seth thought that Black Cobra became more greedy and threatened to expose him, following which he was killed by latter. Black Cobra thought that Vikram and Sherie were extorting people in his name, behind his back, so he killed them. He also stole the typewriter to frame Ajay and Nisha. It becomes clear that the person following them is either Black Cobra himself, or his henchman. Though they have no concrete information about Black Cobra, they find some information secretly hidden by Sherie, that might unmask Black Cobra. The stranger confronts them, but the duo overpower him and escape. They inform the Inspector about their findings. The Inspector calls them to meet him in an abandoned place. Ajay gives him all the incriminating evidence, but to his astonishment, the Inspector burns all of it. He shocks him by telling that he is none other than Black Cobra himself. Suddenly Ajay realizes that he played right into his hands. Black Cobra coolly goes on to declare that since he knows pretty much everything, he has to kill him and pin the blame of all the killings on him. He denies that he sent any man behind them. Just he is about to pull the trigger, the stranger makes an entry and after some fight the Black Cobra is put behind bars. To a bewildered Ajay and Nisha, the stranger reveals that he is Charlie, an undercover police officer working on the murder cases. He tells that he suspected Vikram and Sherie of running the extortion racket much before the first murder. He already knew about the prank, but was unsure of the killer's identity. So he stole their typewriter. Then Cobra killed Vikram and Sherie to keep his secret intact. Then he knew that Cobra is behind all this and used the duo to track down Cobra. He reassures Ajay and Nisha that even though Black Cobra destroyed all the proof, there is no proof against the duo either. He tells the duo to collect the typewriter from him the next day. The duo oblige, vowing never to play such pranks again.",ajay joins college shimla further education meets vikram nisha slackers college love playing pranks ajay different easy target initial hiccups ajay friends trio playing pranks unsuspecting people day spot stingy seth wealthy send fake typewritten extortion note hoping relieve money day find newspaper dead based circumstances realize might end prime suspects case decide destroy incriminating typewriter find missing realize stranger dev kumar stalking ajay nisha decide tell police truth whether believe or even tell truth horrified find vikram dead meet inspector bhupendra singh investigating case inspector sceptical gives chance prove innocence vikram personal belongings find club singer named sherie anticipating sherie may know why vikram killed meet sherie dressing room performance find dead duo realize sherie involved shady deals vikram partner trying find information learn sherie acted middleman dreaded criminal named black cobra people paid learning black cobra extortionist dead payroll blocks suddenly start falling places ajay nisha deduce seth thought note black cobra confronted seth thought black cobra became greedy threatened expose following killed latter black cobra thought vikram sherie were extorting people name behind killed stole typewriter frame ajay nisha clear person following either black cobra or henchman though concrete information black cobra find information secretly hidden sherie might unmask black cobra stranger confronts duo overpower escape inform inspector findings inspector calls meet abandoned place ajay gives incriminating evidence astonishment inspector burns shocks telling none than black cobra suddenly ajay realizes played right hands black cobra coolly declare since knows pretty much everything kill pin blame killings denies sent any behind pull trigger stranger makes entry fight black cobra put behind bars bewildered ajay nisha stranger reveals charlie undercover police officer working murder cases suspected vikram sherie running extortion racket much murder already knew prank unsure killer identity stole typewriter cobra killed vikram sherie keep secret intact knew cobra behind used duo track cobra reassures ajay nisha even though black cobra destroyed proof proof against duo either duo collect typewriter day duo oblige vowing never play such pranks,drama,action
"Ravi Khanna (Amitabh Bachchan) lives happily with his widowed mother, wheelchair-bound sister (Farida Jalal) and younger brother. He suffers from a terminal brain tumor, and has only 6 months to live. In an effort to provide for his family, he takes the responsibility of a murder that he has not committed to collect the ransom money of Rs. 5,00,000. He leaves a trail for the police to follow and he is convicted. While in prison, he gets an attack and the jail authorities take him to the hospital where he undergoes a successful operation. Now, he is a confessed criminal for abduction, ransom and murder, which he planted on himself. In order to save himself from the death penalty, he runs away from the hospital in search of the real murderer. He gets help from a thief named Michael D'Souza (Pran). After many twists and turns, the plot unfolds, where the true identity of the criminal is revealed. Ravi Khanna then becomes a free man.",ravi khanna amitabh bachchan lives happily widowed mother wheelchair bound sister farida jalal younger brother suffers terminal brain tumor months live effort provide family responsibility murder committed collect ransom money rs leaves trail police follow convicted prison attack jail authorities hospital undergoes successful operation confessed criminal abduction ransom murder planted order save death penalty runs hospital search real murderer thief named michael d ouza pran many twists turns plot unfolds true identity criminal revealed ravi khanna free,drama,action
"The film is about a young man named Talbot Roe (Phoenix), who's gone insane over the death of his wife. Talbot's father, Prescott Roe (Harris) feels his son's pain and wants to find him a new wife. He goes back to the place where he bought Talbot's first wife, from Eamon McCree (Bates). He finds the dead wife's sister (Tousey), who is a champion horse rider and Mr. McCree's daughter, which makes her only half-Indian. Roe asks McCree if he could have his last daughter for his son, but McCree refuses. Then, Roe kidnaps her and tries to get her to help him, and she takes the deal for gold and four horses. But Talbot isn't taking any chances for her—he's too afraid that she'll try to take his wife's corpse from him. And for the last few nights, he sees the ghost of his dead wife, who wants him to destroy her corpse, but he won't.",film young named talbot roe phoenix gone insane death wife talbot prescott roe harris feels son pain wants find wife place bought talbot wife eamon mccree bates dead wife sister tousey champion horse rider mr mccree daughter makes half indian roe mccree could last daughter son mccree refuses roe kidnaps deal gold four horses talbot taking any chances too afraid try wife corpse last few nights sees ghost dead wife wants destroy corpse wo,western,drama
"In the year 2037, an international sport has been established, wherein a driver of a truck must cross the country and arrive at a designated terminus, while confronting obstacles and enemies along the way. The lead truck, named Monster, has been designed by a boy genius (Gabriel Damon) and is to be piloted through the course by a woman named Gus (Karen Allen). Eventually, the truck's AI fails and Gus ends up in uncharted territories. There, she encounters leather-clad hoods (hoodlums) that torture her and eventually kill her. Prior to dying, she befriends a fellow prisoner (Johnny Hallyday), who later uses the truck to rescue himself and a young orphan. Meanwhile, the boy genius watches them by an artificial satellite so that he may see how well the truck's software works. The conclusion reveals that as he watches the truck, he is himself watched and evaluated by the sinister doctor (Jürgen Prochnow) who cloned him.",year international sport established wherein driver truck must cross country arrive designated terminus confronting obstacles enemies along lead truck named monster designed boy genius gabriel damon piloted course woman named gus karen allen truck ai fails gus ends uncharted territories encounters leather clad hoods hoodlums torture kill prior dying befriends fellow prisoner johnny hallyday uses truck rescue young orphan boy genius watches artificial satellite may see how well truck software works conclusion reveals watches truck watched evaluated sinister doctor j rgen prochnow cloned,sci-fi,action
"The story begins with Captain C.F. Hawk Hawkens (Vince Edwards) – a former Space Service Colonel turned pirate – who leads his crew on a mission to steal a freighter owned by an interstellar corporation simply referred to as The Company. During the theft, a 10-year-old boy named Peter (David Mendenhall) slips aboard the freighter to hide and the pirates steal the ship unaware he is aboard. After the freighter rendezvouses with Hawk's ship, the crew fight to save the life of a comrade wounded during the shootout. Meanwhile, Peter comes out of hiding and asks to be taken home. At first, Hawk considers ransoming the child, but during a skirmish with Company fighters, Hawk's feelings change when Peter courageously volunteers to squeeze into a tight compartment and fixes a damaged power conduit that allows them to escape. Hawk then promises to take Peter back to his home planet, Procyon III, with no strings attached. First however, Hawk's crew stop to rest at a space station owned by an alien crime lord named Zariatin (Ray Stewart). On Procyon III, Peter's father meets with The Company's security director who decides to track the boy down with their advanced robot ship; a massive, fully automated battle cruiser that can home in on an identity tag Peter wears around his neck. Back at Zariatin's station, a pair of bounty hunters spot Peter and realize he is a company kid worth a hefty ransom. When Peter wanders off, Flightplan (Thom Christopher), a psychic alien member of Hawk's crew, senses the boy is in danger. When Hawk finds him, Zariatin arrives and is furious a child is snooping around his station. Hawk promises the kid will not be a problem, but threatens to kill Zariatin if he tries to lay a hand on him. While Hawk and crew relax in the bar, a bored Peter slips out of his cabin and the bounty hunters follow. Meanwhile, Zariatin calls Hawk to remind him that his service fees are long past due. Zeriatin then demands that Hawk steal four Company fuel ships from a depot on Regulus V, but as an incentive, the boy must remain at the station. Hawk refuses to leave Peter behind, but agrees to steal the ships. He orders his crew member Amanda (Patsy Pease) to take Peter home in one of ships once the job is pulled off. Hawk returns to Peter's cabin, but finds the boy missing and races back to the bar. In the meantime, Peter spots the bounty hunters and escapes down a maintenance shaft. He makes it to a vent grating outside the tavern just as a barroom brawl ensues among belligerent spacers. Unfortunately, Hawk is unable to hear Peter's cries for help over the ruckus and the bounty hunters capture him. Thinking Zeriatin has taken Peter, Hawk confronts him, but just then, Zariatin is alerted that the bounty hunters are making an unauthorized departure which Hawk believes can only mean that they have the boy. Hawk immediately give chase, but the hunters soon encounter the Company robot ship. Programmed for self-defense, the ship reacts to being fired upon and destroys the bounty hunter's ship. Peter manages to get away in an escape pod which is later picked up by Hawk once Flightplan senses he is still alive. Back on course to Regulus V, Hawk teaches Peter how to fire the ship's lasers using asteroids as target practice. Once at the planet, Hawk's crew go after the tanker ships and Hawk says his goodbyes to Peter. After a battle with security robots, Hawk's crew succeeds in taking the ships, but nearby, the Company observes the theft with the robot ship and orders it to follow the convoy. Meanwhile, Amanda breaks off to take Peter home, but her ship is ambushed by starfighters sent by Zeriatin and crashes on a nearby planet. Afterward, Amanda is killed by Zeriatin's thugs and Peter is captured. He is taken back to the station and brought before Zeriatin who tells him he will be ransomed back to his parents and his friends will be killed. Having returned to the station, Flightplan tells the others, to their disbelief, that he senses Peter is still somewhere aboard and goes looking for him. He finds and rescues the boy, but is shot by Zeriatin's guards as they try and flee. Peter gets away and finds Hawk in the bar with his two remaining crewmen. The station now comes under alert as the robot ship closes in. The station launches several defense ships in response, but none can stop it. Peter and the remainder of Hawk's crew try to flee the station, but they are confronted by Zeriatin and his men. The last two of Hawk's crew are killed off, and Hawk manages to kill Zeriatin, but not before being shot himself. Peter then struggles to get Hawk back to his ship where they get away just moments before the station explodes. The robot ship sets its sights on Hawk's ship next, but unable to outrun it, Hawk tells Peter to fire the lasers the moment the robot ship lowers its defenses, which it must do to fire its weapons. Hawk closes in and Peter takes the shot successfully destroying the enemy ship. Peter's victory is short lived however, and he tries to save Hawk's life who has passed out in the pilot seat. Hawk returns to consciousness and takes Peter home as promised. There, they say their final goodbyes and a sad and worried Peter disembarks the ship. Although severely wounded, Hawk flies off back into space.",story captain c f hawk hawkens vince edwards former space service colonel turned pirate leads crew mission steal freighter owned interstellar corporation simply referred company theft year old boy named peter david mendenhall slips aboard freighter hide pirates steal ship unaware aboard freighter rendezvouses hawk ship crew fight save life comrade wounded shootout peter hiding taken home hawk considers ransoming child skirmish company fighters hawk feelings change peter courageously volunteers squeeze tight compartment fixes damaged power conduit allows escape hawk promises peter home planet procyon iii strings attached hawk crew stop rest space station owned alien crime lord named zariatin ray stewart procyon iii peter meets company security director decides track boy advanced robot ship massive fully automated battle cruiser home identity tag peter wears around neck zariatin station pair bounty hunters spot peter realize company kid worth hefty ransom peter wanders flightplan thom christopher psychic alien member hawk crew senses boy danger hawk zariatin arrives furious child snooping around station hawk promises kid problem threatens kill zariatin lay hand hawk crew relax bar bored peter slips cabin bounty hunters follow zariatin calls hawk remind service fees long past due zeriatin demands hawk steal four company fuel ships depot regulus v incentive boy must remain station hawk refuses leave peter behind agrees steal ships orders crew member amanda patsy pease peter home ships once job pulled hawk returns peter cabin boy missing races bar meantime peter spots bounty hunters escapes maintenance shaft makes vent grating outside tavern barroom brawl ensues among belligerent spacers unfortunately hawk unable hear peter cries ruckus bounty hunters capture thinking zeriatin taken peter hawk confronts zariatin alerted bounty hunters making unauthorized departure hawk believes mean boy hawk immediately give chase hunters encounter company robot ship programmed self defense ship reacts fired upon destroys bounty hunter ship peter manages escape pod picked hawk once flightplan senses alive course regulus v hawk teaches peter how fire ship lasers using asteroids target practice once planet hawk crew tanker ships hawk says goodbyes peter battle security robots hawk crew succeeds taking ships nearby company observes theft robot ship orders follow convoy amanda breaks peter home ship ambushed starfighters sent zeriatin crashes nearby planet afterward amanda killed zeriatin thugs peter captured taken station brought zeriatin ransomed parents friends killed returned station flightplan others disbelief senses peter somewhere aboard looking rescues boy shot zeriatin guards try flee peter hawk bar remaining crewmen station under alert robot ship closes station launches several defense ships response none stop peter remainder hawk crew try flee station confronted zeriatin men last hawk crew killed hawk manages kill zeriatin shot peter struggles hawk ship moments station explodes robot ship sets sights hawk ship unable outrun hawk peter fire lasers moment robot ship lowers defenses must do fire weapons hawk closes peter shot successfully destroying enemy ship peter victory short lived save hawk life passed pilot seat hawk returns consciousness peter home promised say final goodbyes sad worried peter disembarks ship although severely wounded hawk flies space,sci-fi,action
"Geoff, a journalist in his mid 40s, returns to Australia from 15 years abroad, leaving behind him in the US a failed marriage and three children. He meets Maureen, the girl he was in love with when he left Australia. She is married to an older man, George, who she loves but have no children. Maureen - who once fell pregnant but had an abortion - tells Geoff her husband is sterile and asks for him to impregnate her. A year later, Geoff meets Maureen and her baby.",geoff journalist mid s returns australia years abroad leaving behind us failed marriage three children meets maureen girl love left australia married older george loves children maureen once fell pregnant abortion geoff husband sterile impregnate year geoff meets maureen baby,comedy,drama
"For years, the fictional nation of the Republic of Wadiya has been ruled by Admiral-General Aladeen (Sacha Baron Cohen), a childish, tyrannical, sexist, anti-western, and antisemitic despot who surrounds himself with female bodyguards, sponsors al-Qaeda (specially giving shelter to Osama Bin Laden after they killed his double one year ago), changes every word in the dictionary to Aladeen, and is working on developing nuclear weapons to attack Israel. He also refused to sell Wadiya's oil fields, a promise he made to his father on his deathbed. After the United Nations Security Council resolves to intervene militarily, Aladeen travels to the UN Headquarters in New York City to address the council. Shortly after arriving, Aladeen is kidnapped by Clayton (John C. Reilly), a hitman hired by his treacherous uncle Tamir (Ben Kingsley), whom Aladeen's father passed over as successor in favour of his son. Tamir then replaces Aladeen with a dimwitted political decoy named Efawadh (Baron Cohen), whom he intends to manipulate into signing a document nominally democratizing Wadiya while opening up the country's oil fields to Chinese and other foreign vested interests. Aladeen escapes after Clayton accidentally kills himself in a botched torture attempt; when his burnt corpse is discovered, Tamir thinks Aladeen has been killed. However, Aladeen is practically unrecognisable as Clayton shaved off his iconic long beard prior to his death. Wandering through New York City, Aladeen encounters Zoey (Anna Faris), a human rights activist who offers him a job at her socially progressive, alternative lifestyle co-op. Aladeen refuses the offer and encounters Nuclear Nadal (Jason Mantzoukas), the former chief of Wadiya's nuclear weapons programme, whom Aladeen thought he had previously executed over an argument about the warhead's shape. Aladeen follows him to New York's Little Wadiya district, which is populated by refugees from his own country, and meets him in Death to Aladeen Restaurant, run by and visited by numerous people whom Aladeen had personally ordered to be executed. Nadal saves Aladeen from nearly being recognised by angry refugees and reveals that rebels infiltrated the secret police, and all the condemned were sent into exile instead of being executed. Nadal agrees to help Aladeen thwart Tamir's plot and regain his position as rightful dictator, on condition that Aladeen makes him head of Wadiya's WMD programme again. Aladeen agrees and accepts Zoey's job offer, as she is catering at the hotel where the signing is to occur. Aladeen grows closer to Zoey after she refuses his sexual advances and teaches him how to masturbate, and eventually falls in love with her after seeing her angry. Turning around Zoey's struggling business, Aladeen begins imposing strict schedules on everyone, forming a personality cult around Zoey and intimidating an inspector into giving the store a good review. However, Aladeen's relationship with Zoey becomes strained after he decides to be honest with her and reveal his true self; she cannot love a man who was so brutal to his own people. After acquiring a new beard taken from a corpse, Aladeen ziplines into the hotel and tells Efawadh he has recovered; (his double being fooled into thinking the Supreme Leader was ill). At the signing ceremony, he tears up Tamir's document in front of the UN delegation, and holds an impassioned speech praising the virtues of dictatorship, drawing unintended parallels to current issues in the United States. However, upon seeing Zoey in the room, he declares his love for her and, knowing Zoey's strongly held views, vows to democratise his country and open up Wadiya's oil fields for business, but in a way where the general populace will benefit. Angry with Aladeen staying in power, Tamir attempts to assassinate him but Efawadh jumps in front of the bullet and survives, as it is his job to be shot in the head. Tamir, afterwards, is arrested. A year later, Wadiya holds its first democratic elections, although they are rigged in favour of Aladeen (who has now added the titles President–Prime Minister to his previous Admiral-General). Afterwards, he marries Zoey, but is shocked when she crushes a glass and reveals herself to be Jewish; throughout the film he was shown vowing to destroy Israel. Scenes during the credits show Aladeen's convoy, now consisting of eco-friendly cars, visiting a reinstated Nadal, and later Zoey revealing in a television interview that she is pregnant with the couple's first child. Aladeen responds to the news by asking if Zoey is having a boy or an abortion. The unrated cut of The Dictator runs an additional fifteen minutes from the original 83-minute theatrical version. Much of the added material is additional sexual content and dialogue. There is a scene following Aladeen falling asleep in the back of the store where one of his bodyguards, Etra, tries to kill him by beating him with her enlarged breasts. Another added scene is Mr. Ogden, the manager of the Lancaster Hotel, talking to Zoey at The Collective and cancelling the catering contract because of Aladeen.",years fictional nation republic wadiya ruled admiral general aladeen sacha baron cohen childish tyrannical sexist anti western antisemitic despot surrounds female bodyguards sponsors al qaeda specially giving shelter osama bin laden killed double year ago changes every word dictionary aladeen working developing nuclear weapons attack israel refused sell wadiya oil fields promise made deathbed united nations security council resolves intervene militarily aladeen travels un headquarters york city address council shortly arriving aladeen kidnapped clayton john c reilly hitman hired treacherous uncle tamir ben kingsley whom aladeen passed successor favour son tamir replaces aladeen dimwitted political decoy named efawadh baron cohen whom intends manipulate signing document nominally democratizing wadiya opening country oil fields chinese foreign vested interests aladeen escapes clayton accidentally kills botched torture attempt burnt corpse discovered tamir thinks aladeen killed aladeen practically unrecognisable clayton shaved iconic long beard prior death wandering york city aladeen encounters zoey anna faris human rights activist offers job socially progressive alternative lifestyle co op aladeen refuses offer encounters nuclear nadal jason mantzoukas former chief wadiya nuclear weapons programme whom aladeen thought previously executed argument warhead shape aladeen follows york little wadiya district populated refugees country meets death aladeen restaurant run visited numerous people whom aladeen personally ordered executed nadal saves aladeen nearly recognised angry refugees reveals rebels infiltrated secret police condemned were sent exile instead executed nadal agrees aladeen thwart tamir plot regain position rightful dictator condition aladeen makes head wadiya wmd programme aladeen agrees accepts zoey job offer catering hotel signing occur aladeen grows closer zoey refuses sexual advances teaches how masturbate falls love seeing angry turning around zoey struggling business aladeen imposing strict schedules everyone forming personality cult around zoey intimidating inspector giving store good review aladeen relationship zoey strained decides honest reveal true self cannot love brutal people acquiring beard taken corpse aladeen ziplines hotel efawadh recovered double fooled thinking supreme leader ill signing ceremony tears tamir document front un delegation holds impassioned speech praising virtues dictatorship drawing unintended parallels current issues united states upon seeing zoey room declares love knowing zoey strongly held views vows democratise country open wadiya oil fields business general populace benefit angry aladeen staying power tamir attempts assassinate efawadh jumps front bullet survives job shot head tamir afterwards arrested year wadiya holds democratic elections although rigged favour aladeen added titles president prime minister previous admiral general afterwards marries zoey shocked crushes glass reveals herself jewish throughout film shown vowing destroy israel scenes credits show aladeen convoy consisting eco friendly cars visiting reinstated nadal zoey revealing television interview pregnant couple child aladeen responds news asking zoey boy or abortion unrated cut dictator runs additional fifteen minutes original minute theatrical version much added material additional sexual content dialogue scene following aladeen falling asleep store bodyguards etra kill beating enlarged breasts added scene mr ogden manager lancaster hotel talking zoey collective cancelling catering contract aladeen,comedy,drama
"The movie is about Ilangovan aka Ilango (Parthiban), a middle-class youth, who dreams to get his sister Kavitha (Mallika) married to a millionaire. He is very keen on becoming rich and falls in love with Roopa (Lakshmi Rai), daughter of a rich industrialist. Now and then Ilango comes across Chellappa (Vadivelu), a petty thief, and takes him for a fun ride. A sequence of events makes Ilango realize that money is not everything in life. He with the help of Chellappa, finally works to get his sister married to the boy that she loves.",movie ilangovan aka ilango parthiban middle class youth dreams sister kavitha mallika married millionaire very keen becoming rich falls love roopa lakshmi rai daughter rich industrialist ilango across chellappa vadivelu petty thief fun ride sequence events makes ilango realize money everything life chellappa finally works sister married boy loves,comedy,romance
"Leo (Ryan Kwanten), a newly divorced man, falls in love with Colette (Sara Canning) on her wedding day and decides to try to win her heart. Leo is discovered to be a failed writer and recent divorcee. His former wife Julie (Kristen Hager) has written a blog entitled Why You Suck which has gone on to be published and become a top selling book. Leo in turn is a dishwasher working for his friend in his restaurant. Leo also suffers from a crippling fear of heights. Leo continues in the pursuit Colette even in the face of scorn from her husband and his friends.",leo ryan kwanten newly divorced falls love colette sara canning wedding day decides try win heart leo discovered failed writer recent divorcee former wife julie kristen hager written blog entitled why you suck gone published become top selling book leo turn dishwasher working friend restaurant leo suffers crippling fear heights leo continues pursuit colette even face scorn husband friends,romance,drama
"An encounter in the bar of the Mexico City branch of the Camino Real Hotels, between tired businessman Danny Wright (Greg Kinnear), hoping to land a life-saving contract in Mexico, and jaded, falling-apart-at-the-seams assassin Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan), leads both men into an awkward friendship. Julian is confronting the immorality of his profession and experiencing a mid-life crisis that causes him to freeze on a job; Danny is fearing that a vitally important deal will fall through and cost him his job. After an uncomfortable-at-times conversation, Danny leaves the bar. Julian apologizes and invites him to see a bullfight. During the spectacle, Julian reveals the kind of work he truly does, and when Danny is skeptical, takes Danny through the steps of murdering a portly spectator in the arena bathroom. Danny is shocked at how easily Julian can get within inches of the man, even though Julian ends the tutorial without going through with the murder. Later, while at an outdoor cafe, Julian asks Danny to assist him in facilitating a fatality; Danny flatly refuses and Julian leaves. On leaving the idea seems to be that Julian has had enough of Danny and their friendship has just ended. That evening Julian appears at Danny's hotel room, knocking on the door, pleading to be let in; Julian wants to apologize for attempting to involve Danny in his work. Danny sits within looking undecided, and the scene fades to black without revealing what happened next. There is the sound of glass breaking once the screen goes dark. The film picks up again six months later, during the Christmas season. Danny and his wife, Bean (Hope Davis) are relaxing at their home when Julian arrives, looking for a place to stay. Danny and Bean have reservations about the situation, but decide to let him in. The grateful Julian notices that Danny has framed the ticket from the bullfight, an act that affects Julian profoundly. That night, he shares the real reason for his visit: he needs help with one last job. Julian convinces Danny to go along with the plan because, he tells Danny, you owe me. After much internal struggle and with Danny talking him through it, Julian completes the task at a Tucson horse race track. On the plane back from Tucson, Julian reveals that the man he just killed was his boss. Killing the boss means now Julian can retire and spend the rest of his life in Greece. Danny is surprised, then amused at Julian's craftiness, but is reminded of Julian's lethal personality when he lightly punches Julian in the shoulder and is sternly warned by Julian, Don't ever hit me again. Danny remembers his friend is still a killer and immediately apologizes. A split flashback sequence during the flight home (memories triggered by a statement Danny makes), shows what took place a year prior when Danny let Julian into his hotel room: Julian talked Danny out of commissioning a hit on a rival to win the Mexico City business deal. Later, Danny and Bean are shown visiting the grave of their son, something they do together every year. Julian watches respectfully from a distance, places plane tickets for Greece (his intended place of retirement) on their car windshield, then slips away.",encounter bar mexico city branch camino real hotels tired businessman danny wright greg kinnear hoping land life saving contract mexico jaded falling apart seams assassin julian noble pierce brosnan leads men awkward friendship julian confronting immorality profession experiencing mid life crisis causes freeze job danny fearing vitally important deal fall cost job uncomfortable times conversation danny leaves bar julian apologizes invites see bullfight spectacle julian reveals kind work truly danny skeptical danny steps murdering portly spectator arena bathroom danny shocked how easily julian within inches even though julian ends tutorial without going murder outdoor cafe julian danny assist facilitating fatality danny flatly refuses julian leaves leaving idea seems julian enough danny friendship ended evening julian appears danny hotel room knocking door pleading let julian wants apologize attempting involve danny work danny sits within looking undecided scene fades black without revealing happened sound glass breaking once screen dark film picks six months christmas season danny wife bean hope davis relaxing home julian arrives looking place stay danny bean reservations situation decide let grateful julian notices danny framed ticket bullfight act affects julian profoundly night shares real reason visit needs last job julian convinces danny along plan danny you owe me much internal struggle danny talking julian completes task tucson horse race track plane tucson julian reveals killed boss killing boss means julian retire spend rest life greece danny surprised amused julian craftiness reminded julian lethal personality lightly punches julian shoulder sternly warned julian do ever hit me danny remembers friend killer immediately apologizes split flashback sequence flight home memories triggered statement danny makes shows took place year prior danny let julian hotel room julian talked danny commissioning hit rival win mexico city business deal danny bean shown visiting grave son something do together every year julian watches respectfully distance places plane tickets greece intended place retirement car windshield slips,comedy,drama
"Rancher Cole Hillman (Rory Calhoun) seeks the help of college president Elgin Clark (DeForest Kelley) to combat thousands of rabbits that have invaded the area after their natural predators, coyotes, were killed off. Elgin asks for the assistance of researchers Roy (Stuart Whitman) and Gerry Bennett (Janet Leigh) because they respect Cole's wish to avoid using cyanide to poison the rabbits. Roy proposes using hormones to disrupt the rabbits' breeding cycle and takes some rabbits for experimentation. One is injected with a new serum believed to cause birth defects. However, the Bennett's daughter Amanda (Melanie Fullerton) loves the injected rabbit, so she switches it with one from the control group. Amanda is then given the injected rabbit as a pet, but it soon escapes. While inspecting the rabbits' old burrowing areas, Cole and the Bennets find a large, unusual animal track. Meanwhile, Cole's son Jackie (Chris Morrell) and Amanda go to a gold mine to visit Jackie's friend Billy but find him missing. Jackie finds more of the animal tracks in Billy's shed, while Amanda goes into the mine and runs into an enormous rabbit with blood on its face. Screaming in terror, she runs from the mine. Mutilated bodies begin to crop up around town, including Billy, a truck driver, and a family of four. Elgin, the Bennets, Cole, and Cole's two ranch hands, Frank (Henry Wills) and Jud (Chuck Hayward), go to the mine to try to kill the rabbits with explosives. As Elgin and Cole set charges on top of the mine, Roy and Frank enter the shaft to get pictorial evidence. Outside, a rabbit surfaces and attacks Jud before Gerry can shoot it. Roy and Frank escape the rabbits in the mine and run outside as the explosives are detonated. The explosives fail to kill the rabbits, and that night they attack Cole's ranch, killing Jud while Cole, Frank, Jackie, and Cole's housekeeper escape into the storm shelter. The rabbits make their way to the general store, killing housekeeper Mildred (Francesca Jarvis) and eating everybody else in the small town of Galanos they find before taking refuge in the buildings for the day. In the morning, Gerry and Amanda leave to avoid the coming press but get stuck along a sandy stretch of road. Roy and Elgin update Sheriff Cody (Paul Fix) on the situation and, after realizing the rabbits have escaped the mine, call in the National Guard. As night falls, the rabbits leave Galanos to continue the rampage, making their way to the main town of Ajo and eating and killing everybody in their pathway. Cole proposes using a half-mile wide stretch of electrified railroad track as a fence to contain and kill the rabbits. They recruit a large group of people at a drive in theater to help herd the rabbits with their car lights, with assistance from the machine gun fire of the National Guard. Thousands of rabbits make their way into the trap, where they are shot and electrocuted. At the film's ending, Cole tells Roy that normal rabbits, as well as coyotes, have returned to the ranch. The ending shows Roy and Gerry running on a grassy field where a normal rabbit is shown sitting on the grass just before the ending credits roll.",rancher cole hillman rory calhoun seeks college president elgin clark deforest kelley combat thousands rabbits invaded area natural predators coyotes were killed elgin assistance researchers roy stuart whitman gerry bennett janet leigh respect cole wish avoid using cyanide poison rabbits roy proposes using hormones disrupt rabbits breeding cycle rabbits experimentation injected serum believed cause birth defects bennett daughter amanda melanie fullerton loves injected rabbit switches control group amanda given injected rabbit pet escapes inspecting rabbits old burrowing areas cole bennets find large unusual animal track cole son jackie chris morrell amanda gold mine visit jackie friend billy find missing jackie animal tracks billy shed amanda mine runs enormous rabbit blood face screaming terror runs mine mutilated bodies begin crop around town including billy truck driver family four elgin bennets cole cole ranch hands frank henry wills jud chuck hayward mine try kill rabbits explosives elgin cole set charges top mine roy frank enter shaft pictorial evidence outside rabbit surfaces attacks jud gerry shoot roy frank escape rabbits mine run outside explosives detonated explosives fail kill rabbits night attack cole ranch killing jud cole frank jackie cole housekeeper escape storm shelter rabbits general store killing housekeeper mildred francesca jarvis eating everybody else small town galanos find taking refuge buildings day morning gerry amanda leave avoid coming press stuck along sandy stretch road roy elgin update sheriff cody paul fix situation realizing rabbits escaped mine call national guard night falls rabbits leave galanos continue rampage making main town ajo eating killing everybody pathway cole proposes using half mile wide stretch electrified railroad track fence contain kill rabbits recruit large group people drive theater herd rabbits car lights assistance machine gun fire national guard thousands rabbits trap shot electrocuted film ending cole roy normal rabbits well coyotes returned ranch ending shows roy gerry running grassy field normal rabbit shown sitting grass ending credits roll,horror,western
"Shiva (Shiva) is a dubbing artist and a person who is not happy with love and marriages. His dream is to buy a Volkswagen car for himself. But his mother (Meera Krishnan) forces him by blackmailing him to marry and he finally accepts without satisfaction. The girl is Anjali (Vasundhara Kashyap) who is revealed to be a devotional girl and is a press reporter. When the marriage of one of Shiva's friends takes place, both Anjali and Shiva are invited. Anjali is invited because the friend was forced by Shiva in order to stop their marriage. But in that marriage, Shiva gets to know that Anjali is the exact opposite of what he thought she was, and that Anjali herself wanted to stop their marriage. They finally break up and they make their parents also accept (Shiva lied to Anjali's father that he got impotent during a cricket match and Anjali cooks up a plot claiming that she became pregnant). Shiva and Anjali celebrate their marriage cancellation in a pub. The next day, they found themselves in a hotel room together. Shiva and Anjali suspects that Shiva friend Gowri did the arrangement but after review the CCTV footage it is revealed that a Seth guy did the arrangement. Shiva and Anjali solve the matter and go to Anjali's house to drop her. Anjali's father prepared marriage with Anjali co-worker. Few days later the broker Rajesh Kanna (Manobala), who helped Shiva's mother, visits them with the news that they are going to organize a game show. The prize money from the game show will help Shiva to achieve his longtime dream. In the game, Shiva and Anjali win all the rounds. Anjali started falling in love with Shiva. Anjali feels sad when she comes to know that Shiva participated in the game only to win Volkswagen Car and breaksup with him. With the insistence of his friends, Shiva realises Anjali's love. In order to unite with Anjali, Shiva set up a plan by making a stage actress to act as bride to marry so that Anjali would marry him. Rajesh Kanna who comes to know of Shiva's plan kidnaps Shiva. Later he leaves Shiva when he claims that Anjali is going to marry someone. When Siva arrives at register office. He sees Anjali getting married. Saddened, Shiva goes to a park and he witnesses Flashmob dancing towards him. It is revealed that it was Anjali's plan to surprise Shiva whereas his friend was also involved in this plan. Shiva and Anjali gets married and live happily.",shiva shiva dubbing artist person happy love marriages dream buy volkswagen car mother meera krishnan forces blackmailing marry finally accepts without satisfaction girl anjali vasundhara kashyap revealed devotional girl press reporter marriage shiva friends place anjali shiva invited anjali invited friend forced shiva order stop marriage marriage shiva know anjali exact opposite thought anjali herself wanted stop marriage finally break parents accept shiva lied anjali got impotent cricket match anjali cooks plot claiming became pregnant shiva anjali celebrate marriage cancellation pub day found themselves hotel room together shiva anjali suspects shiva friend gowri did arrangement review cctv footage revealed seth guy did arrangement shiva anjali solve matter anjali drop anjali prepared marriage anjali co worker few days broker rajesh kanna manobala helped shiva mother visits news going organize game show prize money game show shiva achieve longtime dream game shiva anjali win rounds anjali started falling love shiva anjali feels sad know shiva participated game win volkswagen car breaksup insistence friends shiva realises anjali love order unite anjali shiva set plan making stage actress act bride marry anjali would marry rajesh kanna know shiva plan kidnaps shiva leaves shiva claims anjali going marry someone siva arrives register office sees anjali getting married saddened shiva park witnesses flashmob dancing towards revealed anjali plan surprise shiva whereas friend involved plan shiva anjali married live happily,comedy,romance
"As an adaption of Bayonetta rather than a direct translation, Bloody Fate's storyline follows the events and characters of the game with some slight changes to locales and specific order and details. After waking from 500 years of slumber at the bottom of a lake with no memory of her life before, the witch Bayonetta embarks on a journey to rediscover her identity and her past. Battling the hordes of angels that stand in her way, Bayonetta's journey takes her to the isolated European town of Vigrid where she is confronted by faces from her past and a mystery regarding the Eyes of the World.",adaption bayonetta rather than direct translation bloody fate storyline follows events characters game slight changes locales specific order details waking years slumber bottom lake memory life witch bayonetta embarks journey rediscover identity past battling hordes angels stand bayonetta journey isolated european town vigrid confronted faces past mystery regarding eyes world,animation,drama
"Confirmed bachelor Jud Parker (Larry Parks) likes his life the way it is. A talent agent, he goes to New Haven, Connecticut on a client's behalf and meets Anastacia Stacie Macaboy (Elizabeth Taylor), who owns a dance school. Stacie then runs into him in New York when she goes to a convention. Jud takes her to a New York Giants baseball game and to dinner and dancing. Stacie falls in love, but Jud is furious when a story in the New Haven paper claims they are engaged. Mrs. Levoy and her daughter, who run a rival dance school, sully Stacie's reputation and cause students to drop out. Stacie and Jud disagree on how to explain their relationship until Stacie ultimately bets everything on the outcome of the Giants' next game.",confirmed bachelor jud parker larry parks likes life talent agent haven connecticut client behalf meets anastacia stacie macaboy elizabeth taylor owns dance school stacie runs york convention jud york giants baseball game dinner dancing stacie falls love jud furious story haven paper claims engaged mrs levoy daughter run rival dance school sully stacie reputation cause students drop stacie jud disagree how explain relationship until stacie ultimately bets everything outcome giants game,romance,comedy
Lt. Cmdr. Good (Edwards) is a naval officer who goes on an extensive search for his long-lost friend who mysteriously disappeared on a tropical island,lt cmdr good edwards naval officer extensive search long lost friend mysteriously disappeared tropical island,drama,comedy
"Toaster is the leader of a gang of appliances consisting of a radio, a lamp named Lampy, a blanket named Blanky and a vacuum cleaner named Kirby who belong to their master; a young boy named Rob. They wait every day at Rob's cottage for his return with an increasing sense of abandonment, which causes Blanky to hallucinate about finally seeing Rob coming back. On the second day of July, the appliances are devastated to learn that a real estate broker is selling the house. Not wanting to accept the fact that the Master would abandon them, Toaster decides that the group should head out and find Rob. The appliances connect a car battery to an office chair pulled by Kirby and set out into the world, following Radio's signal broadcast from the city where Rob has moved to. On their journey, the appliances encounter numerous harrowing adventures where they learn to work together. Shortly after stopping to rest within a forest, a nightmare where Rob and Toaster get tortured by an evil smirking clown dressed as a firefighter followed by a violent storm during nightfall wakes Toaster and the others with the storm blowing Blanky up into the trees, and Lampy risks his life by using himself as a lightning rod in an attempt to recharge the group's dead battery. After recovering Blanky the next morning, they try to cross a waterfall, but during an attempt to cross it, everyone falls in except for Kirby, who dives after them and rescues them, and the appliances wash up into the middle of a swamp. After losing both the chair and the battery, the group resorts to pulling a disabled Kirby through the swamp. After losing their balance and almost drowning in a mud hole, they are rescued by Elmo St. Peters, an owner of a spare parts shop, where they get scared by a group of partially dismantled or disfigured appliances, who have lost hope and are at risk of being disassembled or sold, almost in a prison-like motif. When Radio is removed from a shelf and about to have his radio tubes extracted, the appliances frighten St. Peters by pretending to be a ghost and flee to the city, while most of the worn-out appliances flee the store and return to their masters' homes. Rob, who is now living in a modern apartment as a young adult and is about to depart for college, leaves with his girlfriend Chris to return to the cottage and retrieve the appliances to take with him. After secretly witnessing this, Rob's newer appliances in the apartment become resentful. When the appliances arrive at Rob's apartment, the newer appliances explain that they are on the cutting edge of technology. After answering Toaster and the other four appliances their question of what they mean by singing their song to them, they kick them into the apartment's dumpster from the window, where they are shortly transported to Ernie's Disposal, which is a junkyard. Thinking that the cottage has been broken and trashed and his original appliances were stolen, Rob and Chris return to his apartment where a black and white TV, who is another appliance owned by Rob, broadcasts false advertisements to encourage him and Chris to go to Ernie's Disposal to find Toaster and the other four appliances and bring them back. At the junkyard, the appliances are tormented by a maniacal crusher with its henchman, an evil tower crane with an electromagnet that picks up junk and places them on its conveyor belt that leads to the crusher. When they discover that Rob is in the junkyard, they are encouraged that he still needs them after all, and then, they attempt to foil the magnet in order to allow Rob to find them. After being foiled numerous times, the magnet decides to pick up Rob as well as his appliances, and drops them on the conveyor belt. Toaster makes a heroic sacrifice by jumping into the crusher's gears to disable it just in time to prevent it from killing Rob and destroying his appliances. Rob survives and returns to the apartment with all of the five appliances in tow, including a mangled Toaster. And then, Rob repairs Toaster and takes the five appliances with him to college, along with Chris.",toaster leader gang appliances consisting radio lamp named lampy blanket named blanky vacuum cleaner named kirby belong master young boy named rob wait every day rob cottage return increasing sense abandonment causes blanky hallucinate finally seeing rob coming second day july appliances devastated learn real estate broker selling wanting accept fact master would abandon toaster decides group should head find rob appliances connect car battery office chair pulled kirby set world following radio signal broadcast city rob moved journey appliances encounter numerous harrowing adventures learn work together shortly stopping rest within forest nightmare rob toaster tortured evil smirking clown dressed firefighter followed violent storm nightfall wakes toaster others storm blowing blanky trees lampy risks life using lightning rod attempt recharge group dead battery recovering blanky morning try cross waterfall attempt cross everyone falls except kirby dives rescues appliances wash middle swamp losing chair battery group resorts pulling disabled kirby swamp losing balance almost drowning mud hole rescued elmo st peters owner spare parts shop scared group partially dismantled or disfigured appliances lost hope risk disassembled or sold almost prison like motif radio removed shelf radio tubes extracted appliances frighten st peters pretending ghost flee city most worn appliances flee store return masters homes rob living modern apartment young adult depart college leaves girlfriend chris return cottage retrieve appliances secretly witnessing rob newer appliances apartment become resentful appliances arrive rob apartment newer appliances explain cutting edge technology answering toaster four appliances question mean singing song kick apartment dumpster window shortly transported ernie disposal junkyard thinking cottage broken trashed original appliances were stolen rob chris return apartment black white tv appliance owned rob broadcasts false advertisements encourage chris ernie disposal find toaster four appliances bring junkyard appliances tormented maniacal crusher henchman evil tower crane electromagnet picks junk places conveyor belt leads crusher discover rob junkyard encouraged needs attempt foil magnet order allow rob find foiled numerous times magnet decides pick rob well appliances drops conveyor belt toaster makes heroic sacrifice jumping crusher gears disable time prevent killing rob destroying appliances rob survives returns apartment five appliances tow including mangled toaster rob repairs toaster five appliances college along chris,animation,horror
"The story of Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya is two central characters played by *Mika Singh and *Shaan. and the confusion they create because of their same name 'Balwinder Singh'. The movie revolves around the confusion created by the similar identity of the lead actors. The film shows their efforts to win the heart of the girl of their dreams, the female lead Anonymous and to acquire a multi-million estate without a known heir. The movie shows a comical plot where over 130 Balwinder Singhs land up as claimants to the estate.",story balwinder singh famous ho gaya central characters played mika singh shaan confusion create same name balwinder singh movie revolves around confusion created similar identity lead actors film shows efforts win heart girl dreams female lead anonymous acquire multi million estate without known heir movie shows comical plot balwinder singhs land claimants estate,comedy,drama
"In a place called Major Land, a Melody of Happiness is due to be played, spreading happiness throughout the world. However, an evil man named Mephisto steals the Legendary Score, plotting to turn it into a Melody of Sorrow to spread sadness across the land. Aphrodite, the queen of Major Land, scatters the Notes that make up the Legendary Score into the human world and sends a fairy named Hummy to Kanon Town in order to recover them. There, Hummy meets two girls, Hibiki Hojo and Kanade Minamino, who are chosen to become the Suite Pretty Cures in order to recover the missing Notes and protect everyone's happiness.",place called major land melody happiness due played spreading happiness throughout world evil named mephisto steals legendary score plotting turn melody sorrow spread sadness across land aphrodite queen major land scatters notes legendary score human world sends fairy named hummy kanon town order recover hummy meets girls hibiki hojo kanade minamino chosen become suite pretty cures order recover missing notes protect everyone happiness,animation,comedy
"Aashika (Singh) wakes up frightened in a hospital and goes into a flashback. A group of friends Prem (Bohra), Jacks (Debroy), Diya (Bajpai) and Vivek (Bhatia) decides to travel to Mumbai to celebrate New Year's Day. While travelling, a patrolling cop halts the car and interrogates them on the account of driving under the influence of alcohol, to which Prem bribes him into letting them go. That night, they encounter weird situations and a baby cradle, which they avoid. Prem accidentally hits a car; while figuring out who they hit, they come across a man who warns them to back off or else they will all be killed. The friends try to take the man to the same cop they met before but find the cop brutally murdered. The man suddenly disappears. The friends sense danger and find a way to get back off the road but the road seems to be endless. They encounter a girl (Malik) and offer her a lift. The friends assume that she's a mental patient and try to take her to a hospital. Leaving to find the asylum in the jungle, they leave Jacks in the car with the girl. Jacks is murdered as well. Prem and Vivek later come out of their car and have an argument. Splitting ways, Vivek discovers an abandoned house where he gets brutally killed by the mysterious girl. Prem, Aashika and Diya are now the only survivors. Prem orders the girls to stick together but a scared Diya runs away and gets killed too. Scared, Prem and Aashika run and Prem ends up in a graveyard. He witnesses his deceased friends' souls and gets killed by the girl. In the present, Aashika in the hospital finds out about the girl by a nurse. The girl's name is Poonam. She visits Poonam's house and witnesses Poonam's husband's and mother-in-law's souls. The mother in law explains that Poonam was eccentric and wanted a child. She argued with her now-dead husband (Rajiv Anand) for a child and her mental condition worsened after her delivery. The doctor advises Poonam's husband that she needs counselling. It is also revealed that the accident by Prem and his friends actually crashed Poonam's car and killed her, her husband and child. Poonam returns as a ghost and swears vengeance upon the friends for murdering her child. Aashika was only saved because she was pregnant with Prem's child so Poonam didn't hurt her. Aashika's parents calls her and reveal that her child is aborted. This angers Poonam and Poonam kills Aashika.",aashika singh wakes frightened hospital flashback group friends prem bohra jacks debroy diya bajpai vivek bhatia decides travel mumbai celebrate year day travelling patrolling cop halts car interrogates account driving under influence alcohol prem bribes letting night encounter weird situations baby cradle avoid prem accidentally hits car figuring hit across warns or else killed friends try same cop met find cop brutally murdered suddenly disappears friends sense danger find road road seems endless encounter girl malik offer lift friends assume mental patient try hospital leaving find asylum jungle leave jacks car girl jacks murdered well prem vivek car argument splitting ways vivek discovers abandoned brutally killed mysterious girl prem aashika diya survivors prem orders girls stick together scared diya runs killed too scared prem aashika run prem ends graveyard witnesses deceased friends souls killed girl present aashika hospital girl nurse girl name poonam visits poonam witnesses poonam husband mother law souls mother law explains poonam eccentric wanted child argued dead husband rajiv anand child mental condition worsened delivery doctor advises poonam husband needs counselling revealed accident prem friends actually crashed poonam car killed husband child poonam returns ghost swears vengeance upon friends murdering child aashika saved pregnant prem child poonam did hurt aashika parents calls reveal child aborted angers poonam poonam kills aashika,horror,romance
"The film tells the story of a female petty criminal, played by Reiko Ike, who becomes involved in international intrigue while searching for the sister of a man she saw murdered in a gambling den, as well as the gangsters responsible for murdering her father during her childhood.",film story female petty criminal played reiko ike involved international intrigue searching sister saw murdered gambling den well gangsters responsible murdering childhood,action,crime
"Kara (Barbie Forteza), George (Bea Binene), and Enzo (Elmo Magalona) are 3 best friends who have been constantly bullied at school and nicknamed the Imba Trio. On the night of the school dance Enzo gets carried out of the dance by Maximo (Derick Monasterio) and his crew because he accidentally bumped into Chloe (Lexi Fernandez) while dancing and ripped her dress. And while Kara and George try to help him they also get dumped in the trash along with Enzo and are helped by Christian (Alden Richards) and Diego (Kristofer Martin). After the prom the 3 decide to make a list to do that helps them become popular so they won't get bullied and pranked on anymore by the date of the prom, and they make the list a dare. The next day at school Enzo learns that he has to retake a class again. And after trying to go to the bathroom he is stopped by the janitor who is still cleaning the bathroom. So Enzo decides to use the women's restroom hoping no one will notice. But he bumps into a hot chick Maddie (Sam Pinto), and develops a crush on her. Meanwhile, George finds out her bestfriend, Jepoy (Jake Vargas) is back in town. And Kara is at a comic convention where she tires to help Robin (Joshua Dionisio) when his backpack gets snatched, and unknowingly sells him the #1 issue of Metal Man online. Later that night, Enzo helps Maddie get her car out of a tight parking space and locks himself out of his car. Kara later becomes friends with Robin online without knowing his true identity. George later hangs out with Jepoy who sings his new song for her and starts to think he has a crush on her and she starts to develop a crush on him. Total box office hit with 349.436.590php",kara barbie forteza george bea binene enzo elmo magalona best friends constantly bullied school nicknamed imba trio night school dance enzo carried dance maximo derick monasterio crew accidentally bumped chloe lexi fernandez dancing ripped dress kara george try dumped trash along enzo helped christian alden richards diego kristofer martin prom decide list do helps become popular wo bullied pranked anymore date prom list dare day school enzo learns retake class trying bathroom stopped janitor cleaning bathroom enzo decides use women restroom hoping notice bumps hot chick maddie sam pinto develops crush george bestfriend jepoy jake vargas town kara comic convention tires robin joshua dionisio backpack snatched unknowingly sells issue metal online night enzo helps maddie car tight parking space locks car kara friends robin online without knowing true identity george hangs jepoy sings song starts think crush starts develop crush total box office hit php,drama,comedy
A ranger tracks down agents who steal weapons from the army and sell them to a foreign power.,ranger tracks agents steal weapons army sell foreign power,western,action
"The Black Cats, who are part of the Aerial Circus run by Speed Hardy (Ralph Bellamy), are a vagabond troupe of aerial performers in the 1930s. Speed takes on a new performer, former airmail pilot Ace Murray (Bruce Cabot). After performing a double parachute jump with his kid brother Bud (Eric Linden), who is also a pilot, Ace becomes aware that his brother is enamoured with Speed's young wife Ann (Arline Judge). Bud and Ann perform the dangerous double parachute jump together, becoming the show's main attraction, but Speed becomes jealous of the romance forming between them. After a flight together, Bud and Ann crash-land and spend a night in a deserted cabin, leading to the realization that Ann must seek a divorce. When Speed discovers them, he apparently agrees to the new circumstances and surprisingly offers to design a new aerial stunt for Bud and himself that will have two aircraft colliding head-on, with both of the pilots bailing out before the impact. Before the stunt takes place, another pilot who is usually inebriated, Screwy Edwards (Cliff Edwards), reveals that Speed has deliberately cut his rival's parachute and is planning an aerial murder. Ace takes off and crashes into Speed, sacrificing his life to save his brother. The two lovers eventually marry and due to Ace's earlier help in obtaining a job for him, Bud begins an airline career as a pilot alongside Edwards, who has begun a rehabilitation.",black cats part aerial circus run speed hardy ralph bellamy vagabond troupe aerial performers s speed performer former airmail pilot ace murray bruce cabot performing double parachute jump kid brother bud eric linden pilot ace aware brother enamoured speed young wife ann arline judge bud ann perform dangerous double parachute jump together becoming show main attraction speed jealous romance forming flight together bud ann crash land spend night deserted cabin leading realization ann must seek divorce speed discovers apparently agrees circumstances surprisingly offers design aerial stunt bud aircraft colliding head pilots bailing impact stunt place pilot usually inebriated screwy edwards cliff edwards reveals speed deliberately cut rival parachute planning aerial murder ace crashes speed sacrificing life save brother lovers marry due ace earlier obtaining job bud airline career pilot alongside edwards begun rehabilitation,action,drama
"The story focuses on a poor but proud farmer named Manuel and his wife Maria. When glib-tongued drifter Santiago tries to get Manuel mixed up in a robbery, the farmer is at first resistant, but is goaded into joining Santiago. Corrupted by the prospect of untold wealth, Manuel begins plotting the murder of Santiago; meanwhile, Maria makes plans to run off with the handsome stranger.",story focuses poor proud farmer named manuel wife maria glib tongued drifter santiago manuel mixed robbery farmer resistant goaded joining santiago corrupted prospect untold wealth manuel plotting murder santiago maria makes plans run handsome stranger,western,drama
"Danny O'Brien (Chuck Norris) is a cop who likes to work alone and never waits for his back up. In Los Angeles, O'Brien is trying to apprehend the notorious Simon Moon (Jack O'Halloran), also known as The Terror. Simon has been killing women by snapping their necks and taking them to his lair in an abandoned movie theater. O'Brien is attacked by Simon who almost kills him in the struggle. When the killer flees the scene and climbs up a ladder he slips and falls, knocking himself unconscious. When the backup arrives they think O'Brien caught The Terror and the people of L.A. call him Hero. Simon is then arrested and taken to jail. When Dr. Highwater (Billy Drago) goes to visit Simon he escapes by cutting through the bars of his cell. He then steals a laundry van by push starting it but loses control and falls straight down into a cliff face. When the media hears about this they pronounce Simon dead and the people of L.A. are relieved. Three years later the murders start back up again and O'Brien thinks it's The Terror. He eventually finds where his lair is and heads in to confront Simon himself. He encounters an enclosed room not on the map and heads in. In there he finds the bodies of The Terror's victims and starts searching around for him. Simon jumps out and attacks him and Danny tries to fight him off. O'Brien eventually kills The Terror and the film ends, as he marries his girlfriend who gave birth to their daughter.",danny o brien chuck norris cop likes work alone never waits los angeles o brien trying apprehend notorious simon moon jack o halloran known terror simon killing women snapping necks taking lair abandoned movie theater o brien attacked simon almost kills struggle killer flees scene climbs ladder slips falls knocking unconscious backup arrives think o brien caught terror people l call hero simon arrested taken jail dr highwater billy drago visit simon escapes cutting bars cell steals laundry van push starting loses control falls straight cliff face media hears pronounce simon dead people l relieved three years murders start o brien thinks terror lair heads confront simon encounters enclosed room map heads bodies terror victims starts searching around simon jumps attacks danny fight o brien kills terror film ends marries girlfriend gave birth daughter,action,horror
"The Aztec god Quetzalcoatl, a winged, dragon-like, female lizard, takes up residence in the art-deco spire of the Chrysler Building, with frequent jaunts in the midday sun to devour various hapless New Yorkers. The resulting bloody mess confounds detectives, Dt. Shepard and Sgt. Powell, who are already occupied with a case involving a series of bizarre ritual murders linked to a secret Aztec cult. Meanwhile, Jimmy Quinn, a cheap, paranoid crook who wishes to be a jazz pianist, takes part in a botched diamond heist that leads him to the creature's lair atop the building. This causes Quinn's attempts to settle down and turn over a new leaf from crime to be in vain as he decides to extort from the city an enormous amount of money in exchange for directions to the creature's nest, which houses a colossal egg. The details of the location fall into Shepard's hands, and he leads a paramilitary assault on the Chrysler Building. First, they shoot the egg, the baby attacks and is killed. Later, the creature comes to the tower. After the showdown, the creature, riddled with bullets, falls onto the streets of Manhattan. Finally, Shepard also apprehends and shoots the Plumed Serpent's crazed priest as he prepares to ritually murder Quinn to resurrect his god. In the final scene, a large egg hatches.",aztec god quetzalcoatl winged dragon like female lizard residence art deco spire chrysler building frequent jaunts midday sun devour various hapless yorkers resulting bloody mess confounds detectives dt shepard sgt powell already occupied case involving series bizarre ritual murders linked secret aztec cult jimmy quinn cheap paranoid crook wishes jazz pianist part botched diamond heist leads creature lair atop building causes quinn attempts settle turn leaf crime vain decides extort city enormous amount money exchange directions creature nest houses colossal egg details location fall shepard hands leads paramilitary assault chrysler building shoot egg baby attacks killed creature tower showdown creature riddled bullets falls onto streets manhattan finally shepard apprehends shoots plumed serpent crazed priest prepares ritually murder quinn resurrect god final scene large egg hatches,sci-fi,horror
"When newly released prisoner Mr. Pastry (Richard Hearne) comes home to stay, he proves an embarrassment to his social climbing daughter Lady Florence (Ellen Pollock). As president of the society for the rehabilitation of ex-convicts, she attempts to hide the fact her father is an ex-con. She locks Mr. Pastry in his bedroom, and even plots to have him sent to Australia. But Lady Florence's children see Mr. Pastry differently, and he helps them through a problem, prompting even his daughter to see Mr. Pastry in a new light.",newly released prisoner mr pastry richard hearne home stay proves embarrassment social climbing daughter lady florence ellen pollock president society rehabilitation ex convicts attempts hide fact ex con locks mr pastry bedroom even plots sent australia lady florence children see mr pastry differently helps problem prompting even daughter see mr pastry light,comedy,drama
"Narang is an accomplished and wealthy industrialist who lives with his daughter, Neena, in a palatial home. His daughter is now of marriageable age, and he would like her to marry his associate, Bhisham's, son, Vicky. But Neena is in love with a much poorer man named Jaikishan, alias Jaggu. When Neena informs her father that she would like to marry Jaggu, he summons Jaggu's mom, Shanti, and instantly recognizes her from his questionable past. He belittles her, humiliates her and asks her to leave his house. When Jaggu finds out he goes to meet Narang, and asks him to change his decision, but he too gets insulted, and is asked to leave, never to see nor speak to Neena again. Jaggu promises him that he will return within one year and by that time he will be even more wealthy than Narang. Jaggu befriends a homeless man named Vishal and together they set forth to meet Jaggu's deadline. Things are going pretty well for Jaggu, as he has been able to get a sizable loan from a bank, and has started his own construction business. This success has got him enemies, and one day someone places a bomb in his car. Jaggu survives, but is critically wounded and in need of blood. His blood group is the same as that of Vishal - but Vishal refuses to give any blood to save Jaggu. Shanti is shocked and appalled at this, and sets forth to find out why her son's closest friend refuses to help him in this dire time of need.",narang accomplished wealthy industrialist lives daughter neena palatial home daughter marriageable age would like marry associate bhisham son vicky neena love much poorer named jaikishan alias jaggu neena informs would like marry jaggu summons jaggu mom shanti instantly recognizes questionable past belittles humiliates leave jaggu meet narang change decision too insulted asked leave never see nor speak neena jaggu promises return within year time even wealthy than narang jaggu befriends homeless named vishal together set forth meet jaggu deadline things going pretty well jaggu able sizable loan bank started construction business success got enemies day someone places bomb car jaggu survives critically wounded need blood blood group same vishal vishal refuses give any blood save jaggu shanti shocked appalled sets forth find why son closest friend refuses dire time need,action,romance
"Jesu and Peter are childhood friends who live in a coastal village in India and depend on fishing as their livelihood. The community is oppressed by a powerful gangster named Alphonso. Jesu is an orphan, while Peter is brought up by his aunt and uncle, after the death of his mother. The community is all thrilled when Phillips finds black pearls off the coast. But then so does Alphonso, who asks his divers to get all the pearls, thus disturbing the ocean. Peter meets with Suzy D'Silva and they fall in love with each other, and get married. While enjoying a quiet swim on the sea-shore, Suzy disappears. A search is carried out, and a number of human body parts are recovered. With shock and horror, this community finds that their livelihood is being threatened by a gigantic, virtually indestructible man-eating shark.",jesu peter childhood friends live coastal village india depend fishing livelihood community oppressed powerful gangster named alphonso jesu orphan peter brought aunt uncle death mother community thrilled phillips black pearls coast alphonso divers pearls thus disturbing ocean peter meets suzy d ilva fall love each married enjoying quiet swim sea shore suzy disappears search carried number human body parts recovered shock horror community livelihood threatened gigantic virtually indestructible eating shark,action,drama
"An English country house is plagued by a poltergeist who destroys things in the home, rearranges pictures on the wall, and possesses the daughter of the owner causing her to be expelled from school. A psychic ghost breaker and an insurance agent help the homeowners battle and expel the spirit.",english country plagued poltergeist destroys things home rearranges pictures wall possesses daughter owner causing expelled school psychic ghost breaker insurance agent homeowners battle expel spirit,comedy,horror
"During the worst recorded rainstorm in the history of the Midwestern United States, armored truck drivers Tom (Christian Slater) and his uncle Charlie (Edward Asner) are collecting the money from the local banks affected by the rising flood waters. In the small town of Huntingburg, Indiana, which has been evacuated, Tom and Charlie drive into a ditch and become stuck, and Charlie calls dispatch to alert the National Guard. They are then ambushed by Jim (Morgan Freeman) and his gang of armed robbers, Kenny (Michael Goorjian), Mr Mehlor (Dann Florek) and Ray (Ricky Harris). Kenny accidentally shoots Charlie dead, as Tom gets away with the $3 million in cash and hides it in a cemetery. After being chased through the local Middle School by the gang now travelling with a boat and jet skis, Tom takes refuge in a nearby church. He is knocked out and wakes up in a cell at the local Sheriff's office. Tom tells Sheriff Mike Collins (Randy Quaid) about the gang and the area he hid the money, although he keeps him locked up. He and his Chief Deputy Wayne (Mark Rolston) then leave to investigate, whilst another officer Phil (Peter Murnik) is ordered to take Karen (Minnie Driver), the woman who knocked Tom out and is currently restoring the church, out of town. In protest, she pushes Phil out of the boat so she will be able to fill the water pumps at her church. The town's dam continues to experience huge pressure from the rain and the operator Hank (Wayne Duvall) is forced to open another spillway floodgate. This causes another huge burst of water to stream through the town, resulting in even worse flooding, especially at the church. Tom wakes in his cell, trapped as Mike's building slowly fills up with water. After filling the pumps at the church, Karen returns and saves him by opening the light fitting on the roof for him to escape. They are then spotted by the gang, and hide before having to get out of the water because a nearby transformer is going to blow. Kenny grabs Tom and they both fall in the water, but Tom fights him off before Kenny is electrocuted and later dies. Tom and Karen enter a nearby house, only to discover locals Doreen (Betty White) and Henry Sears (Richard Dysart) who believe they are looters. After explaining their story, Henry decides to give Tom their boat so he can return to the armored truck. When he resurfaces from the now submerged truck, he finds Jim and the gang holding the elderly couple hostage. Tom gets Jim to let them go by promising he'll show them where the money is. On the way to the cemetery, Jim reveals to Tom that the National Guard were never coming because Charlie was actually calling the gang, and was in an alliance with them. He was only killed because Kenny was never told Charlie was on their side. Jim then sends Tom to retrieve the money but finds it has disappeared. When the gang are about to shoot him in anger, they are all ambushed by Mike and his Deputies, who have found Karen. Mike, having lost reelection, now doesn't care any more about justice and intends to keep the money for himself, Wayne, Phil and Hank, who has now joined them from the dam. Mr. Mehlor and Ray are killed in the shoot out, and Jim and Tom escape in a boat, finding sanctuary in the church. Wayne takes Karen back to her house, with the intention of raping her. The others try to force Tom and Jim out by throwing petrol bombs on the roof, but instead are forced to drive through the stained glassed windows. At Karen's house, Karen manages to stab Wayne with her penknife, killing him. In the church, a shoot out occurs, and at one point Tom and Phil come face to face, but Phil cannot bring himself to shoot him. Hank then shoots Phil, thinking he's a coward. The dam overtopping alarm sounds, alerting the town that the dam is going to fail. Offering a deal, Mike says Tom and Jim should let Hank and him go with a couple of the moneybags. Tom agrees, yet Jim does not. Instead, Tom then leaves to try and save Karen, before Mike shoots Jim with a revolver he was hiding, although he isn't badly hurt. Mike and Hank escape in a boat and, when they are forced to go faster to avoid the wave engulfing the town, the Sheriff pushes Hank out of the boat. He then dies after being caught in a gas explosion. Tom arrives at Karen's house, to find her handcuffed to the banister. He first tries to free her with a saw, then uses Wayne's gun. The water is so high now they have to get onto the roof and are then caught by Mike. Jim, who managed to escape from the church, comes from behind them in a boat. Mike shoots at him, disabling the steering, forcing him to go over the roof. As he does so, the engine breaks off and collides with Mike, knocking him into the water. However, he is not dead and tries to shoot Karen as he grabs a moneybag, but Tom and Jim manage to shoot him dead. Tom tells Jim he should leave, just as the State Police arrive. Jim picks up the Mike's moneybag and rows away, as Tom tells Karen the fire damage to her church wasn't too bad, and it can be repaired.",worst recorded rainstorm history midwestern united states armored truck drivers tom christian slater uncle charlie edward asner collecting money local banks affected rising flood waters small town huntingburg indiana evacuated tom charlie drive ditch become stuck charlie calls dispatch alert national guard ambushed jim morgan freeman gang armed robbers kenny michael goorjian mr mehlor dann florek ray ricky harris kenny accidentally shoots charlie dead tom million cash hides cemetery chased local middle school gang travelling boat jet skis tom refuge nearby church knocked wakes cell local sheriff office tom sheriff mike collins randy quaid gang area hid money although keeps locked chief deputy wayne mark rolston leave investigate whilst officer phil peter murnik ordered karen minnie driver woman knocked tom currently restoring church town protest pushes phil boat able fill water pumps church town dam continues experience huge pressure rain operator hank wayne duvall forced open spillway floodgate causes huge burst water stream town resulting even worse flooding especially church tom wakes cell trapped mike building slowly fills water filling pumps church karen returns saves opening light fitting roof escape spotted gang hide water nearby transformer going blow kenny grabs tom fall water tom fights kenny electrocuted dies tom karen enter nearby discover locals doreen betty white henry sears richard dysart believe looters explaining story henry decides give tom boat return armored truck resurfaces submerged truck jim gang holding elderly couple hostage tom jim let promising show money cemetery jim reveals tom national guard were never coming charlie actually calling gang alliance killed kenny never told charlie side jim sends tom retrieve money disappeared gang shoot anger ambushed mike deputies found karen mike lost reelection care any justice intends keep money wayne phil hank joined dam mr mehlor ray killed shoot jim tom escape boat finding sanctuary church wayne karen intention raping others try force tom jim throwing petrol bombs roof instead forced drive stained glassed windows karen karen manages stab wayne penknife killing church shoot occurs point tom phil face face phil cannot bring shoot hank shoots phil thinking coward dam overtopping alarm sounds alerting town dam going fail offering deal mike says tom jim should let hank couple moneybags tom agrees yet jim instead tom leaves try save karen mike shoots jim revolver hiding although badly hurt mike hank escape boat forced faster avoid wave engulfing town sheriff pushes hank boat dies caught gas explosion tom arrives karen find handcuffed banister free saw uses wayne gun water high onto roof caught mike jim managed escape church behind boat mike shoots disabling steering forcing roof engine breaks collides mike knocking water dead shoot karen grabs moneybag tom jim manage shoot dead tom jim should leave state police arrive jim picks mike moneybag rows tom karen fire damage church too bad repaired,action,horror
"Steve Armstrong (Paul Satterfield) is working as a short order cook on a space station somewhere in the galaxy. Overwhelmed by the volume of orders, he repeatedly fouls up and soon finds himself in a confrontation with an alien patron named Fang. After a fight which smashes up the diner and leaves the alien injured, Steve and his friend and co-worker Shorty (Hamilton Camp) are fired. As it turns out, Fang is an Arena fighter, and his manager Quinn (Claudia Christian) confronts Steve. Amazed that a human could beat one of her best fighters, Quinn offers him a contract, but convinced that humans no longer have a place in the Arena, Steve refuses, intending to make his way back to Earth. Lacking sufficient money for a ticket, Shorty attempts to raise the cash by gambling in an underground casino. The game is raided by the authorities and in the confusion, Shorty pockets the money. Caught in the act by crime boss Rogor (Marc Alaimo) and his enforcer Weezil (Armin Shimerman), Shorty is held for ransom. Steve promises to pay off the debt, so he reluctantly returns to Quinn and agrees to a contract. Remarkably he wins his first match with an alien named Sloth in an upset. He continues fighting, determined to prove that a human has what it takes to be champion, and soon becomes a top contender. Despite Rogor's multiple attempts to cheat, Steve ultimately wins the championship from Rogor's top fighter, an alien named Horn (Michael Deak).",steve armstrong paul satterfield working short order cook space station somewhere galaxy overwhelmed volume orders repeatedly fouls confrontation alien patron named fang fight smashes diner leaves alien injured steve friend co worker shorty hamilton camp fired turns fang arena fighter manager quinn claudia christian confronts steve amazed human could beat best fighters quinn offers contract convinced humans longer place arena steve refuses intending earth lacking sufficient money ticket shorty attempts raise cash gambling underground casino game raided authorities confusion shorty pockets money caught act crime boss rogor marc alaimo enforcer weezil armin shimerman shorty held ransom steve promises pay debt reluctantly returns quinn agrees contract remarkably wins match alien named sloth upset continues fighting determined prove human champion top contender despite rogor multiple attempts cheat steve ultimately wins championship rogor top fighter alien named horn michael deak,drama,action
"The films consists almost exclusively of interviews with a number of pupils and two fathers of pupils at Shahid Masumi school who are asked to give their opinion on the traditional teaching practice of assigning homework. Issues such as some parents' illiteracy and their inability to help their children with the homework are raised. The children don't always succeed in hiding the more embarrassing aspects of their family life (corporal punishment, poverty, etc.).",films consists almost exclusively interviews number pupils fathers pupils shahid masumi school asked give opinion traditional teaching practice assigning homework issues such parents illiteracy inability children homework raised children do always succeed hiding embarrassing aspects family life corporal punishment poverty etc,drama,comedy
"In Denmark, Prince Hamlet finds himself involved in a conspiracy of power to the royal palace. Cruel uncle Claudius kills his brother and takes the power of the kingdom. After an encounter with the restless ghost of his murdered father, Hamlet feigns madness and plots to take vengeance.",denmark prince hamlet involved conspiracy power royal palace cruel uncle claudius kills brother power kingdom encounter restless ghost murdered hamlet feigns madness plots vengeance,drama,action
"In Depression-era North Carolina, George Pemberton (Bradley Cooper) is an ambitious timber baron who meets Serena Shaw (Jennifer Lawrence), a young woman with a sad past. He falls in love with her, they marry, and Serena comes with George to his land. There, she starts taking control of things, pressuring and questioning George, while remaining affectionate towards him. George's business partner Buchanan feels threatened by her, as she begins to exceed his authority. Things grow worse between George and Buchanan, and Buchanan strikes a deal with the local sheriff, who wants to buy George's land to make a park. George is hurt by Buchanan's betrayal, and Serena convinces George that Buchanan was never his friend. The next day, they both go shooting alone from the group attempting to flush out a bear. After some snide remarks from Buchanan, George contemplates killing him only to hesitate and be seen by Buchanan. As Buchanan cocks his rifle, George fires first and shoots him in the chest. Campbell, George's worker, witnesses the murder, but denies it when Sheriff McDowell inquires. The death is ruled an accident. Serena consoles George and justifies his actions. One day, he sees his illegitimate son, Jacob, posing with his mother, Rachel, for a picture. He feels responsible for the boy, and since Rachel never asked for anything, he begins giving sums of money in envelopes to her for Jacob. Serena remains unaware of this, though she does consider Rachel and the baby a threat. One day, an accident occurs in the forest and Galloway, a mysterious worker, loses his hand to an axe swing. Serena rushes to help him and uses a belt as a tourniquet to stop the bleeding which saves his life. Having problems with her pregnancy, Serena and George rush to the hospital after Serena experiences heavy bleeding and pain. She miscarries. They learn that she can never again bear children. Things continue to grow worse, and Rachel's baby becomes more obvious to Serena. While Serena and George are away in the city, Campbell finds ledgers in the safe when he goes to collect the money for payday, and presents them to the Sheriff, preparing to testify that George has been giving bribes to the senator and that he saw George shoot Buchanan deliberately. The couple discover that Campbell has taken the ledgers, and realise that he could potentially ruin them. Galloway tells Serena that he knows where Campbell is, and then tells George that he knows where the panther is, leading George going out into the forest to hunt it. Galloway heads into town to find Campbell at a hotel, and retrieve the ledgers. Meanwhile, Serena discovers the picture of Rachel and her baby that George had hidden, discovers that George has been giving Rachel money, and is angered by this revelation. She scratches the baby's face from the photograph. Serena leaves with Galloway in the truck, telling George that she has some business to take care of. They head to Rachel's house, and when they don't find her there, they head for Widow Jenkin's house. Meanwhile, Vaughn calls the Sheriff, worried about Rachel and what Serena is planning to do, and the Sheriff heads to Widow Jenkin's house, where he finds her already dead. The Sheriff takes Rachel and her baby away. In the morning, the Sheriff heads to George's cabin and begins questioning him about the murder. The Sheriff reveals that Galloway killed Campbell, and that he suspects they also killed Widow Jenkins and are still after Rachel and her child. George asks Serena if she sent Galloway to kill them, and she tries to reassure him that it had to be done. George grows angry and storms out, and chokes Serena when she follows him out, almost killing her. He then drives off as Serena returns to the home. George goes to the Sheriff to turn himself in, only agreeing to do so after he tells George where Rachel and the baby are. George races off to try and save Rachel before Galloway gets to her. Galloway tracks Rachel to the train station, and she hides from him in one of the sheds. As the train approaches, George arrives and sees Galloway, who sees Rachel jump onto the train. George goes after them, and confronts Galloway. In the ensuing fight, George manages to get Galloway's knife and slit his throat. The next morning, George bids Rachel and the baby farewell, as they head off to go and live with Vaughn. George returns to the camp, and then sets off to hunt the panther. He spots it, and shoots it, though only wounds it at first. The panther leaps at him from behind, and manages to wound him fatally, though he manages to kill it with a hunting knife as he is dying. The Sheriff returns to the Pemberton cabin with George's body. Serena, having expected George to return, grows upset and does not go and identify his body. As the Sheriff leaves, Serena lies on the bed, and picks up a lighter. After staring at it for a few moments, she throws the lighter onto the floor and stays in the cabin as it burns.[5][6][7]",depression era north carolina george pemberton bradley cooper ambitious timber baron meets serena shaw jennifer lawrence young woman sad past falls love marry serena george land starts taking control things pressuring questioning george remaining affectionate towards george business partner buchanan feels threatened exceed authority things grow worse george buchanan buchanan strikes deal local sheriff wants buy george land park george hurt buchanan betrayal serena convinces george buchanan never friend day shooting alone group attempting flush bear snide remarks buchanan george contemplates killing hesitate seen buchanan buchanan cocks rifle george fires shoots chest campbell george worker witnesses murder denies sheriff mcdowell inquires death ruled accident serena consoles george justifies actions day sees illegitimate son jacob posing mother rachel picture feels responsible boy since rachel never asked anything giving sums money envelopes jacob serena remains unaware though consider rachel baby threat day accident occurs forest galloway mysterious worker loses hand axe swing serena rushes uses belt tourniquet stop bleeding saves life problems pregnancy serena george rush hospital serena experiences heavy bleeding pain miscarries learn never bear children things continue grow worse rachel baby obvious serena serena george city campbell ledgers safe collect money payday presents sheriff preparing testify george giving bribes senator saw george shoot buchanan deliberately couple discover campbell taken ledgers realise could potentially ruin galloway serena knows campbell george knows panther leading george going forest hunt galloway heads town find campbell hotel retrieve ledgers serena discovers picture rachel baby george hidden discovers george giving rachel money angered revelation scratches baby face photograph serena leaves galloway truck telling george business care head rachel do find head widow jenkin vaughn calls sheriff worried rachel serena planning do sheriff heads widow jenkin already dead sheriff rachel baby morning sheriff heads george cabin questioning murder sheriff reveals galloway killed campbell suspects killed widow jenkins rachel child george serena sent galloway kill reassure done george grows angry storms chokes serena follows almost killing drives serena returns home george sheriff turn agreeing do george rachel baby george races try save rachel galloway galloway tracks rachel train station hides sheds train approaches george arrives sees galloway sees rachel jump onto train george confronts galloway ensuing fight george manages galloway knife slit throat morning george bids rachel baby farewell head live vaughn george returns camp sets hunt panther spots shoots though wounds panther leaps behind manages wound fatally though manages kill hunting knife dying sheriff returns pemberton cabin george body serena expected george return grows upset identify body sheriff leaves serena lies bed picks lighter staring few moments throws lighter onto floor stays cabin burns,drama,horror
"Mukundan Menon (Jayaram) runs a magazine called Kerala Today. He is a normal husband who loves his wife Krishnendu (Bhavana) a lot, but she is too possessive about him. She thinks he is not very expressive about his feelings, and is always worried that he might one day fall for some other beautiful girl. John Mathai (Jayasurya) is a photographer in Mukundan's publication. He was neither interested in girls nor keen to get married until he met Sereena (Vandana). Rahul (Indrajith) is just the opposite. He is extremely romantic and never comes home without some cute gifts for his wife, Shreya (Samvrutha Sunil). But she doesn't know that, behind her back, her darling husband is dying to flirt with every woman that he sees. It is into the lives of these three couples that a bar singer, Diana (Rima Kallingal), arrives and things take some interesting turns. Diana is seeking to take revenge on Mukundan Menon since it was on his article in Kerala Today that the Maharashtra court took as a petition and then banned the bar girls in Maharashtra thus ruining Diana's profession. Diana forcibly comes to Mukundan Menon's house one day with her evil intentions and that catches the eyes of Krishnendu. To escape from trouble, Mukundan Menon says that she is the wife of John. Later, when John, Mukundan and Rahul were talking about John's marriage proposal to Serena's dad, Diana comes there by accident and there Rahul says that she is Mukundan's wife and she is mentally imbalanced. So now Krishnendu and Shreya thinks Diana is John's wife and John's real wife Serneena believes that Diana is Mukundan's wife. At one time, all these people come together at Malaysia for a vacation and that leads to a lot of confusion among the wives and others. What happens next forms the rest of the story.",mukundan menon jayaram runs magazine called kerala today normal husband loves wife krishnendu bhavana lot too possessive thinks very expressive feelings always worried might day fall beautiful girl john mathai jayasurya photographer mukundan publication neither interested girls nor keen married until met sereena vandana rahul indrajith opposite extremely romantic never home without cute gifts wife shreya samvrutha sunil know behind darling husband dying flirt every woman sees lives these three couples bar singer diana rima kallingal arrives things interesting turns diana seeking revenge mukundan menon since article kerala today maharashtra court took petition banned bar girls maharashtra thus ruining diana profession diana forcibly mukundan menon day evil intentions catches eyes krishnendu escape trouble mukundan menon says wife john john mukundan rahul were talking john marriage proposal serena dad diana accident rahul says mukundan wife mentally imbalanced krishnendu shreya thinks diana john wife john real wife serneena believes diana mukundan wife time these people together malaysia vacation leads lot confusion among wives others happens forms rest story,comedy,romance
"The film opens with Noah Griffith (Jonah Hill) giving oral sex to his sex buddy Marisa (Ari Graynor). Noah is a suspended college student who lives with his divorced mother and can't even keep a job. One day when Noah is returning home from his girlfriend's house, his mother is about to leave to a party with a friend of hers. His mother then receives a phone call from her friend who informs her that her children's babysitter canceled last minute. Noah then takes over as babysitter so his mother can go to the party. When Noah arrives at the house, he meets all of the kids immediately. The oldest son Slater (Max Records) is a kid with a severe anxiety disorder, their second oldest son Rodrigo (Kevin Hernandez) is a pyromaniac who was adopted from El Salvador. The youngest child is their daughter Blithe (Landry Bender) who is obsessed with pop culture and loves to wear makeup. As soon as the Pedulas leave, the children start to act obnoxious (smashing vases, making fart noises, and attempting to grab the TV remote from Noah). While in the middle of babysitting, Marisa calls Noah and she asks him to bring cocaine for a party that she's at, saying that she'll repay him with sex afterwards. Noah immediately accepts, and he and the children leave to go get the drugs from Marisa's friend. When they finally arrive, Noah meets drug dealer Karl (Sam Rockwell) and his assistant Julio (JB Smoove). As soon as Karl gives the drugs to Noah, Rodrigo bursts in claiming that he has to go to the bathroom. When Noah leaves, he sees that Rodrigo has stolen a baby dinosaur egg filled with cocaine from Karl's house. While attempting to get the egg back from Rodrigo, the egg smashes pouring cocaine all over Noah's face. Karl then calls Noah about the stolen eggs, and tells him that if he doesn't bring the egg back or the $10,000 he owes for the egg, he will kill him. Not wanting to be a part of this, Slater asks Noah to take the three of them to the party where their parents are. When Noah sees his mother actually having a good time at the party he can't bring himself to interfere and decides to bring the kids with him. Slater then tells Noah that a bunch of girls are texting him asking him to attend a bat mitzvah for Wendy Sapperstein (a girl that goes to his school). He tells Noah that the bat mitzvah is being held at the Grand Prospect Hall. Noah then comes up with the idea that they can steal the money Wendy gets. At the bat mitzvah, Noah manages to only steal $3,000 because he had to leave due to Rodrigo urinating on the floor. When they leave, they find out that Tina (Samira Wiley), who went to high school with Noah, has stolen the car to get revenge on Noah who went to a party at her house, and threw up on her grandmother's ashes due to him being drunk. Noah gives the $3,000 to Karl and also brings $7,000 worth of checks. Karl refuses the checks and gives Noah one more chance at getting the $7,000. He tells Noah to meet him at the party Marisa is at with the money and if he doesn't, he will kill him. Noah then goes to his dad (Bruce Altman) for help, but he refuses because he now hates Noah due to him dropping out of college and just being a loser in general. An angry Noah steals his father's car keys and drives to a jewelry store his dad owns. Noah then steals enough jewelry to pay back Karl, but then Rodrigo blows the store up after placing a cherry bomb in the bathroom. Rodrigo then throws a temper tantrum, and then throws Slater's fanny pack containing pills out the window. Noah stops the car so Slater can get the pills. Noah tells Slater that he's not going to find them, and it is then revealed that Slater is homosexual, and the pills were the only thing that kept him normal. Noah then makes Slater accept the fact that he's gay, and that there is nothing wrong with it. The group then sees their original car drive by them, and they track it down to a club where Noah confronts Tina about stealing the car. Tina finally let's go of her anger towards Noah by punching him in the face. After Noah leaves, they go head out to get the money to Karl but Noah gets pulled over by the police who steal the jewelry and the cocaine that Karl originally gave him. Noah's only plan now is to get Marisa out of the party and escape Karl, but Karl's gang tracks him down and attempts to kill Noah and the kids, but Noah manages to get away. Then Noah engages in a car chase with Karl and Julio. They make Karl's car crash by Rodrigo throwing a cherry bomb in their van, but this causes Noah to spin out, and Karl holds him at gunpoint. Noah manages to run away and Karl uses up all his ammo wasting it on shooting at Noah. Then, Blithe calls Tina's gang, and they beat Karl up so they can escape. Before Noah drops Marisa off at her house, the two break up. Noah then manages to get the kids home on time, and they see that everything that went on that night is on the news. Mr. and Mrs. Pedula finally arrive home, and they pay Noah for the night. During the end credits, we find out what happens to all the main characters: Noah got a new girlfriend; Slater grew up and got a job at the entertainment industry; Blithe gave up her pop culture obsession, and started inventing perfumes as an adult; Rodrigo gave up being a pyromaniac; Karl was hospitalized after being beat up by Tina's gang; and Julio died due to him burning to death.",film opens noah griffith jonah hill giving oral sex sex buddy marisa ari graynor noah suspended college student lives divorced mother even keep job day noah returning home girlfriend mother leave party friend hers mother receives phone call friend informs children babysitter canceled last minute noah babysitter mother party noah arrives meets kids immediately oldest son slater max records kid severe anxiety disorder second oldest son rodrigo kevin hernandez pyromaniac adopted el salvador youngest child daughter blithe landry bender obsessed pop culture loves wear makeup pedulas leave children start act obnoxious smashing vases making fart noises attempting grab tv remote noah middle babysitting marisa calls noah bring cocaine party saying repay sex afterwards noah immediately accepts children leave drugs marisa friend finally arrive noah meets drug dealer karl sam rockwell assistant julio jb smoove karl gives drugs noah rodrigo bursts claiming bathroom noah leaves sees rodrigo stolen baby dinosaur egg filled cocaine karl attempting egg rodrigo egg smashes pouring cocaine noah face karl calls noah stolen eggs bring egg or owes egg kill wanting part slater noah three party parents noah sees mother actually good time party bring interfere decides bring kids slater noah bunch girls texting asking attend bat mitzvah wendy sapperstein girl school noah bat mitzvah held grand prospect hall noah idea steal money wendy bat mitzvah noah manages steal leave due rodrigo urinating floor leave find tina samira wiley went high school noah stolen car revenge noah went party threw grandmother ashes due drunk noah gives karl brings worth checks karl refuses checks gives noah chance getting noah meet party marisa money kill noah dad bruce altman refuses hates noah due dropping college loser general angry noah steals car keys drives jewelry store dad owns noah steals enough jewelry pay karl rodrigo blows store placing cherry bomb bathroom rodrigo throws temper tantrum throws slater fanny pack containing pills window noah stops car slater pills noah slater going find revealed slater homosexual pills were thing kept normal noah makes slater accept fact gay nothing wrong group sees original car drive track club noah confronts tina stealing car tina finally let anger towards noah punching face noah leaves head money karl noah pulled police steal jewelry cocaine karl originally gave noah plan marisa party escape karl karl gang tracks attempts kill noah kids noah manages noah engages car chase karl julio karl car crash rodrigo throwing cherry bomb van causes noah spin karl holds gunpoint noah manages run karl uses ammo wasting shooting noah blithe calls tina gang beat karl escape noah drops marisa break noah manages kids home time see everything went night news mr mrs pedula finally arrive home pay noah night end credits we find happens main characters noah got girlfriend slater grew got job entertainment industry blithe gave pop culture obsession started inventing perfumes adult rodrigo gave pyromaniac karl hospitalized beat tina gang julio died due burning death,comedy,horror
"Genetic engineers Clive Nicoli and Elsa Kast hope to achieve fame by splicing animal DNA to create hybrids for medical use at the company N.E.R.D. (Nucleic Exchange Research and Development). Their work previously yielded Fred, a dog-sized vermiform creature intended as a mate for their female specimen, Ginger. After successfully mating them, Clive and Elsa plan to create a human-animal hybrid that could revolutionize science. Their employers Joan Chorot of N.E.R.D. and William Barlow forbid them from doing this. Instead, they are to find and extract proteins used for commercial drug production from Fred and Ginger. Clive and Elsa, however, disobey their superiors and pursue their own agenda in secret, developing a viable prepubescent female creature. Although they had planned to terminate the hybrid before it reached full term, Elsa persuades Clive to let it live. They discover that she is aging at a vastly accelerated rate. Elsa discovers that the creature is undergoing mental development such as that of a young human child. Elsa names the creature Dren after the creature spells out NERD, having seen the letters on Elsa's shirt. After moving Dren to a new location for fear of discovery, they find she has a dangerously high fever. In an attempt to save her they place her in a large industrial sink filled with cold water. Later on Clive fully submerges Dren in the sink, and in doing so discovers that Dren is amphibious. While studying Dren, Elsa and Clive neglect their work with Fred and Ginger. At a highly publicized presentation of their work, Fred and Ginger savagely fight to the death. It is subsequently discovered that Ginger had spontaneously changed to a male, but Elsa and Clive failed to notice because they were focused on Dren. Elsa forms a motherly bond with Dren. After Dren jumps on Clive's brother, Gavin, they move her to an isolated farm. There, Dren displays carnivorous tendencies and retractable wings. She grows into adolescence and becomes bored with being locked up in the barn, but Elsa and Clive fear that letting her outside might lead to her discovery. Clive realizes that the human DNA used to create Dren was Elsa's, not from an anonymous donor as Elsa had told him. After Dren exhibits dangerous misbehavior Elsa restrains Dren and removes her stinger, using it to synthesize the protein that Elsa and Clive had been searching for. Meanwhile, Dren and Clive have developed a mutual attraction. Elsa discovers them having sex in the barn and is horrified. Clive accuses Elsa of never having wanted a normal child because of her fear of losing control; instead she chose to raise one as an experiment, where control could be assured. Deciding the only solution is to terminate Dren, they return to the farm and find Dren seemingly already dying. William Barlow discovers human DNA in Dren's protein samples and arrives to investigate. Elsa tells Barlow that Dren is dead and buried behind the barn. However, Dren, having metamorphosed into a male, rises from the grave and attacks the group, killing Barlow and Gavin before raping Elsa. Clive attacks Dren to save Elsa, but Dren overpowers him. Elsa intervenes and is about to kill Dren, but she hesitates, which allows Dren to kill Clive. Elsa then kills Dren. Elsa is later informed that Dren's body contained numerous biochemical compounds for which the company has begun filing patents. Joan offers Elsa, now visibly pregnant with Dren's baby, a large sum of money to go through with the pregnancy, which Elsa accepts.",genetic engineers clive nicoli elsa kast hope achieve fame splicing animal dna create hybrids medical use company n e r d nucleic exchange research development work previously yielded fred dog sized vermiform creature intended mate female specimen ginger successfully mating clive elsa plan create human animal hybrid could revolutionize science employers joan chorot n e r d william barlow forbid doing instead find extract proteins used commercial drug production fred ginger clive elsa disobey superiors pursue agenda secret developing viable prepubescent female creature although planned terminate hybrid reached full term elsa persuades clive let live discover aging vastly accelerated rate elsa discovers creature undergoing mental development such young human child elsa names creature dren creature spells nerd seen letters elsa shirt moving dren location fear discovery find dangerously high fever attempt save place large industrial sink filled cold water clive fully submerges dren sink doing discovers dren amphibious studying dren elsa clive neglect work fred ginger highly publicized presentation work fred ginger savagely fight death subsequently discovered ginger spontaneously changed male elsa clive failed notice were focused dren elsa forms motherly bond dren dren jumps clive brother gavin move isolated farm dren displays carnivorous tendencies retractable wings grows adolescence bored locked barn elsa clive fear letting outside might lead discovery clive realizes human dna used create dren elsa anonymous donor elsa told dren exhibits dangerous misbehavior elsa restrains dren removes stinger using synthesize protein elsa clive searching dren clive developed mutual attraction elsa discovers sex barn horrified clive accuses elsa never wanted normal child fear losing control instead chose raise experiment control could assured deciding solution terminate dren return farm find dren seemingly already dying william barlow discovers human dna dren protein samples arrives investigate elsa barlow dren dead buried behind barn dren metamorphosed male rises grave attacks group killing barlow gavin raping elsa clive attacks dren save elsa dren overpowers elsa intervenes kill dren hesitates allows dren kill clive elsa kills dren elsa informed dren body contained numerous biochemical compounds company begun filing patents joan offers elsa visibly pregnant dren baby large sum money pregnancy elsa accepts,sci-fi,horror
"Office romance, in which Hec is in love with secretary Pat, and fellow secretary Miss Janus, older and wiser, takes it upon herself to concoct a plan to help him receive the empty-headed Pat's affections.[3]",office romance hec love secretary pat fellow secretary miss janus older wiser upon herself concoct plan receive empty headed pat affections,drama,comedy
"Gurren Lagann takes place in a future where Earth is ruled by the Spiral King, Lordgenome, who forces mankind to live in isolated subterranean villages. These villages have no contact with the surface world or other villages and are under constant threat of earthquakes. Selected villagers called diggers are conscripted to expand their homes deeper underground. Simon, a meek young digger ostracized by his peers, finds solace in his best friend and older brother figure, an eccentric delinquent named Kamina. Kamina encourages Simon to join his gang, Team Gurren, to help him achieve his dream of visiting the surface world. One day, Simon unearths a drill-shaped key called a Core Drill, followed by a small mecha resembling a face called a Gunmen.[11][12] Shortly thereafter, a huge Gunmen crashes through the ceiling and begins attacking the village, followed by a girl named Yoko, who attempts to repel the Gunmen. Simon uses his Core Drill to activate the smaller Gunmen (which Kamina names Lagann), and it is used to destroy the larger Gunmen and break through to the surface world. Simon and Kamina learn from Yoko that humans on the surface are attacked each day by Gunmen piloted by beastmen, humanoid creatures who serve as Lordgenome's army. Kamina hijacks a Gunmen and names him Gurren, combining him with Lagann to form the mecha Gurren Lagann. Their actions inspire other humans to steal their own Gunmen and join Team Gurren, which makes Kamina rename it Team Dai-Gurren. Eventually Team Dai-Gurren captures an enemy Gunmen fortress to use as their base of operations, though Kamina is killed in the preceding battle by one of Lordgenome's four generals. Rossiu, a boy from another village, takes over the job of piloting Gurren, but Kamina's death causes Simon to sink into depression until he meets Nia, Lordgenome's daughter. Team Dai-Gurren is initially distrustful of her but allows her to join when it becomes apparent that she was abandoned by her father, like many who came before her. Nia helps Simon come to terms with Kamina's death, and the rest of Team Dai-Gurren prompt him to take up the role as the team's leader, leading them and other humans, who captured other Gunmen and Gunmen fortresses, to Lordgenome's palace. As the palace itself turns out to be a gigantic Gunmen called the Teppelin and launches armies of other Gunmen, the human forces hold them off while Simon, Nia, and Rossiu pilot Gurren Lagann against Lordgenome, who fights them in a similar Gunmen called Lazengann. When both Gunmen are damaged, he himself fights Simon in Lagann with his bare hands. Lordgenome emerges victorious, until Simon uses his Core Drill to defeat him once and for all. Over the next seven years, mankind prospers on the surface world with Simon and the members of Team Dai-Gurren serving as the world's government. As soon as the world's population reaches one million people, an alien race called the Anti-Spirals emerges and uses Nia to announce the Moon's collision with Earth, which will wipe out all life on the planet and prevent them from evolving to such an extent that they will risk destroying the universe in a cataclysmic event called the Spiral Nemesis. With guidance from Lordgenome resurrected as a bio-computer, who was once part of an intergalactic group of warriors who fought the Anti-Spirals and had hidden mankind underground to protect them from the Anti-Spirals, and with help from Viral, an old enemy of Simon who pilots Gurren, Simon, Gurren Lagann and Team Dai-Gurren prevent the Moon's collision, revealing it to be Lordgenome's flagship that was reprogrammed by the Anti-Spirals. Using it, they retrieve the real Moon from the pocket dimension where the Anti-Spirals had hidden it and go to the Anti-Spiral homeworld, where after significant loss, they rescue Nia, and after a battle that spans the universe, Simon in Lagann finally destroys the Anti-Spirals. This, however, causes Nia to fade away and die as her own existence is tied to that of the Anti-Spirals. Simon, finding his life in battle over, hands his Core Drill over to Gimmy and spends the rest of his life wandering the planet as a nameless vagrant. In the epilogue, twenty years have passed since the team’s victory over the Anti-Spirals. With many of Team Dai-Gurren retired, it is up to the new generations of pilots to prevent the Spiral Nemesis and ensure the safety of the universe. Other races across the galaxy, freed from the Anti-Spirals, contact Earth. President Rossiu of Kamina City joins forces with them and during the twenty years, has created the Galactic Spiral Peace Conference. Yoko, now as Miss Yomako, becomes the principal of the small school she was at during her seven years absence from the team. One of her students, Nakim, becomes a representative of the galaxy in the Grapearl Squadron. Gimmy and Darry use Simon’s Core Drill to become the new pilots of Gurren Lagann. Viral becomes the captain of the Super Galaxy Dai-Gurren and an emissary for Earth. Nia’s grave and the wedding ring are placed next to Kamina’s grave. Simon, still living as Simon the Digger, watches over them as the squadron flies overhead through the night sky.",gurren lagann place future earth ruled spiral king lordgenome forces mankind live isolated subterranean villages these villages contact surface world or villages under constant threat earthquakes selected villagers called diggers conscripted expand homes deeper underground simon meek young digger ostracized peers solace best friend older brother figure eccentric delinquent named kamina kamina encourages simon join gang team gurren achieve dream visiting surface world day simon unearths drill shaped key called core drill followed small mecha resembling face called gunmen shortly thereafter huge gunmen crashes ceiling attacking village followed girl named yoko attempts repel gunmen simon uses core drill activate smaller gunmen kamina names lagann used destroy larger gunmen break surface world simon kamina learn yoko humans surface attacked each day gunmen piloted beastmen humanoid creatures serve lordgenome army kamina hijacks gunmen names gurren combining lagann form mecha gurren lagann actions inspire humans steal gunmen join team gurren makes kamina rename team dai gurren team dai gurren captures enemy gunmen fortress use base operations though kamina killed preceding battle lordgenome four generals rossiu boy village job piloting gurren kamina death causes simon sink depression until meets nia lordgenome daughter team dai gurren initially distrustful allows join apparent abandoned like many came nia helps simon terms kamina death rest team dai gurren prompt role team leader leading humans captured gunmen gunmen fortresses lordgenome palace palace itself turns gigantic gunmen called teppelin launches armies gunmen human forces hold simon nia rossiu pilot gurren lagann against lordgenome fights similar gunmen called lazengann gunmen damaged fights simon lagann bare hands lordgenome emerges victorious until simon uses core drill defeat once seven years mankind prospers surface world simon members team dai gurren serving world government world population reaches million people alien race called anti spirals emerges uses nia announce moon collision earth wipe life planet prevent evolving such extent risk destroying universe cataclysmic event called spiral nemesis guidance lordgenome resurrected bio computer once part intergalactic group warriors fought anti spirals hidden mankind underground protect anti spirals viral old enemy simon pilots gurren simon gurren lagann team dai gurren prevent moon collision revealing lordgenome flagship reprogrammed anti spirals using retrieve real moon pocket dimension anti spirals hidden anti spiral homeworld significant loss rescue nia battle spans universe simon lagann finally destroys anti spirals causes nia fade die existence tied anti spirals simon finding life battle hands core drill gimmy spends rest life wandering planet nameless vagrant epilogue twenty years passed since team s victory anti spirals many team dai gurren retired generations pilots prevent spiral nemesis ensure safety universe races across galaxy freed anti spirals contact earth president rossiu kamina city joins forces twenty years created galactic spiral peace conference yoko miss yomako principal small school seven years absence team students nakim representative galaxy grapearl squadron gimmy darry use simon s core drill become pilots gurren lagann viral captain super galaxy dai gurren emissary earth nia s grave wedding ring placed kamina s grave simon living simon digger watches squadron flies overhead night sky,animation,sci-fi
"The movie begins with Willy at home sick and is pretending to be a hunter. Using his imagination to see his cat, Sissy, as the tiger, he torments the cat with his water gun. He then decides to shoot a BB Gun at a flock of sparrows outside at the local park, stunning them away, but angers an elderly lady who in reality is the Sparrow Guardian, who magically enters Willy's apartment unnoticed. She then transforms Willy into a sparrow in hopes of teaching him a lesson of respecting all living things. However, she didn't have enough spray to make Willy have the ability to fly, rendering him defenseless. The Sparrow Guardian quickly leaves to refill her magic hair spray. While Willy was making himself comfortable in his sparrow form, Sissy appears and sees Willy as lunch instead of her master. Not used to walking like a sparrow, Willy was nearly eaten by his own cat, but was saved and placed outside by his little sister, Tonya. He soon meets two sparrows, Red and TJ, who discovers Willy's inability to fly and then calls help on an elder sparrow named Cipur to help Willy learn to fly. The three sparrows then carries the flightless Willy to safety, escaping an incoming attack from a persistent, hungry Sissy. Meanwhile, the Sparrow Guardian is looking for Willy. Sissy is also looking for him. In an attic where Cipur's nest was in, Cipur tells Willy that he wanted to read and write like a human because he was fascinated by their knowledge and technology, but he keeps this as a secret in fear of being shunned by the other sparrows. He makes a deal with Willy that if he teaches the young sparrow how to fly, Willy will teach Cipur how to read. As the flying lesson was underway, Sissy finds Willy and Cipur and attacks. Before she could eat Willy, Cipur intervenes and lures an angry Sissy atop the roof where he trapped her head under the weight of a ceiling hatch. Under Cipur's care, Willy is taught how to fly, and in return, Willy teaches Cipur how to read and write. One day, when Cipur went to find some food, Willy decides to venture out in the open to explore the outside world after learning how to fly properly. He flies back to the park and joins a flock of young sparrow, led by Red. They decided to show Willy the barn they used to hang out, until it was taken over by a big, black cat named Blackie. The flock of sparrows, including Willy, flew across the city to the barn where they used to live, unaware that they were being trailed by a dog and Sissy who was following them to the barn. Once in the barn, Willy catches sight of a mouse waking up Blackie, and alerts him about the sparrows in the barn. Blackie attacks the sparrows, and nearly eats one of the sparrows named Amy. Not abandoning his new friend, Willy drops a light bulb on Blackie's head, distracting him long enough for Amy to escape unharmed. Willy then escapes the barn, and Sissy appears and becomes acquainted with Blackie since they both share a taste for sparrows, and want to eat Willy. Meanwhile, Willy flies his way back to his apartment and writes a note to his worried family that he is okay and that he'll return soon, before flying back to Cipur's nest. After Willy was writing his note to his worried family, he flies back to Cipur's nest only to see the elder sparrow angry at him for not telling about an item called 'The Elixir of Knowledge'. Willy was confused and didn't know about this 'elixir', but was driven away by Cipur who angrily tells him to go away, he decides to fly away from his nest. Willy follows the elder sparrow, and finds out that he has been drinking liquor along with two rats who had convinced the old bird that the liquor will give him knowledge. However, it only made Cipur druggish and made him feel worse. Willy quickly carries Cipur back to safety, but the old sparrow was still angry with him for leaving him. Willy sadly leaves and he sees Amy flying to him. So, Willy flies to Amy and discovers through her that Red is angry at Willy because he believes Willy is the one who woke up Blackie. So Willy follows Amy into an indoor roof nest where they will be safe from a storm. The next day, Willy and Amy were flying back to the park to find their friends, who were all waiting for them, only to see Red feeling angry at Willy. Willy supposed to lose two feathers as punishment. When Willy refuses to take punishment, Red angrily fights Willy to make him submit, but Willy, still used to fighting as a human boy, easily beats Red and is promoted leader of the flock. The Sparrow Guardian and Sissy finds Willy, but Willy doesn't want to turn back into a boy yet until he helps his new friends. Willy then leads the flock back to the barn, with the Sparrow Guardian and Sissy trailing after them. Under Willy's leadership, the sparrows silenced the mouse who was working with Blackie by tying him up, and finally tied up a sleeping Blackie in a sneak attack. They began eating the grain, but Sissy arrives at the barn way ahead of the Sparrow Guardian and releases Blackie. The two cats then team up, with Blackie fighting and knocking the sparrows unconscious, and Sissy catching and placing them on a sheet to prepare to eat the sparrows, eventually leaving only Willy to fight Blackie. When all seemed lost for Willy, Cipur arrives and assists the young sparrow into fighting against Blackie, but the black cat overpowers the two and prepares to finish them off. The Sparrow Guardian saves Willy and Cipur by repeatedly hitting Blackie with a broom, driving the black cat away from the barn for good. The Sparrow Guardian is prepared to turn Willy back into a boy, so he can return to his home where his family is worried about him. However, Willy refuses to be turned back into a human boy, and would rather stay a sparrow if Cipur isn't turned into a human too. Willy is then granted to be the Sparrow Guardian. With little hesitation, Willy accepts. The Sparrow Guardian then uses her magic spray to turn both Willy and Cipur into humans. Cipur, who now wants to learn more about the human world, is joined by the retired Sparrow Guardian for something to eat and leaves the barn together. The film ends with Willy, along with the reconciled Sissy, making their way back home, followed by the flock of young sparrows.",movie willy home sick pretending hunter using imagination see cat sissy tiger torments cat water gun decides shoot bb gun flock sparrows outside local park stunning angers elderly lady reality sparrow guardian magically enters willy apartment unnoticed transforms willy sparrow hopes teaching lesson respecting living things did enough spray willy ability fly rendering defenseless sparrow guardian quickly leaves refill magic hair spray willy making comfortable sparrow form sissy appears sees willy lunch instead master used walking like sparrow willy nearly eaten cat saved placed outside little sister tonya meets sparrows red tj discovers willy inability fly calls elder sparrow named cipur willy learn fly three sparrows carries flightless willy safety escaping incoming attack persistent hungry sissy sparrow guardian looking willy sissy looking attic cipur nest cipur willy wanted read write like human fascinated knowledge technology keeps secret fear shunned sparrows makes deal willy teaches young sparrow how fly willy teach cipur how read flying lesson underway sissy willy cipur attacks could eat willy cipur intervenes lures angry sissy atop roof trapped head under weight ceiling hatch under cipur care willy taught how fly return willy teaches cipur how read write day cipur went find food willy decides venture open explore outside world learning how fly properly flies park joins flock young sparrow led red decided show willy barn used hang until taken big black cat named blackie flock sparrows including willy flew across city barn used live unaware were trailed dog sissy following barn once barn willy catches sight mouse waking blackie alerts sparrows barn blackie attacks sparrows nearly eats sparrows named amy abandoning friend willy drops light bulb blackie head distracting long enough amy escape unharmed willy escapes barn sissy appears acquainted blackie since share taste sparrows want eat willy willy flies apartment writes note worried family okay return flying cipur nest willy writing note worried family flies cipur nest see elder sparrow angry telling item called elixir knowledge willy confused did know elixir driven cipur angrily decides fly nest willy follows elder sparrow drinking liquor along rats convinced old bird liquor give knowledge made cipur druggish made feel worse willy quickly carries cipur safety old sparrow angry leaving willy sadly leaves sees amy flying willy flies amy discovers red angry willy believes willy woke blackie willy follows amy indoor roof nest safe storm day willy amy were flying park find friends were waiting see red feeling angry willy willy supposed lose feathers punishment willy refuses punishment red angrily fights willy submit willy used fighting human boy easily beats red promoted leader flock sparrow guardian sissy willy willy want turn boy yet until helps friends willy leads flock barn sparrow guardian sissy trailing under willy leadership sparrows silenced mouse working blackie tying finally tied sleeping blackie sneak attack began eating grain sissy arrives barn ahead sparrow guardian releases blackie cats team blackie fighting knocking sparrows unconscious sissy catching placing sheet prepare eat sparrows leaving willy fight blackie seemed lost willy cipur arrives assists young sparrow fighting against blackie black cat overpowers prepares finish sparrow guardian saves willy cipur repeatedly hitting blackie broom driving black cat barn good sparrow guardian prepared turn willy boy return home family worried willy refuses turned human boy would rather stay sparrow cipur turned human too willy granted sparrow guardian little hesitation willy accepts sparrow guardian uses magic spray turn willy cipur humans cipur wants learn human world joined retired sparrow guardian something eat leaves barn together film ends willy along reconciled sissy making home followed flock young sparrows,drama,animation
"After escaping from Wandsworth prison for his part in the Great Train Robbery, Ronald Ronnie Biggs (Paul Freeman) goes on the run to Rio de Janeiro and becomes the world's most wanted man. Hot on his trail however is committed copper Jack McFarland (Steven Berkoff), who will stop at nothing to bring him back to justice - even if that means stepping outside the law.",escaping wandsworth prison part great train robbery ronald ronnie biggs paul freeman run rio de janeiro world most wanted hot trail committed copper jack mcfarland steven berkoff stop nothing bring justice even means stepping outside law,drama,western
"John Sawyer was once a brilliant defence lawyer but has given himself up to alcohol. His wife has left him, his sister is ashamed of him, while his daughter Angela, who still lives in his large house, despises him. She follows her own life with a wild group of friends led by two rich boys, one being her cousin Desmond. Two poor boys are also part of the gang: an American criminal on the run called Barney and a Cypriot immigrant called Jo, who Angela falls for. After a vicious fight with Jo, Barney is immobilised and Angela hides him in the attic of her house, where he is shot dead by an intruder. The murder weapon is planted on Jo, who is arrested and put on trial. Nobody in town wants to defend him, so Angela begs her father to do so. John does not believe the case against Jo and starts his own investigation. Through careful observation and questioning, he works out who wanted Barney dead. It was his nephew Desmond, who Barney humiliated fatally when he hired him a whore. John confronts Desmond in his parents' house and, reading Dostoyevsky to him, makes him see that his only course is to confess. As John leaves the house, a proud and thankful Angela takes his arm.",john sawyer once brilliant defence lawyer given alcohol wife left sister ashamed daughter angela lives large despises follows life wild group friends led rich boys cousin desmond poor boys part gang american criminal run called barney cypriot immigrant called jo angela falls vicious fight jo barney immobilised angela hides attic shot dead intruder murder weapon planted jo arrested put trial nobody town wants defend angela begs do john believe case against jo starts investigation careful observation questioning works wanted barney dead nephew desmond barney humiliated fatally hired whore john confronts desmond parents reading dostoyevsky makes see course confess john leaves proud thankful angela arm,crime,drama
"Wonderful Days is set in 2142. Environmental pollution has led to a breakdown of human civilization. A technologically advanced city named Ecoban was built and it harvests energy from the DELOS System, which uses pollution in a carbonite catalyzed reaction to generate power. Carbonite extraction is carried out by people who live outside the city in the surrounding wasteland. Among them is an enigmatic young man known as Shua (Marc Worden). He ends up in a love triangle with his childhood friend, Jay (Cathy Cavadini), and her superior, Ecoban security commander Cade (Kirk Thornton). The film deals with environmental destruction, pollution and class struggle.",wonderful days set environmental pollution led breakdown human civilization technologically advanced city named ecoban built harvests energy delos system uses pollution carbonite catalyzed reaction generate power carbonite extraction carried people live outside city surrounding wasteland among enigmatic young known shua marc worden ends love triangle childhood friend jay cathy cavadini superior ecoban security commander cade kirk thornton film deals environmental destruction pollution class struggle,animation,action
"Somewhere in Maharashtra is Vaitagwadi, a small lost village. The village is under serious financial issues, it has a school but no chalks for the black board, there is a Dispensary but no doctors, villagers have land but in the name of Bhujangrao Patil. Character named Bhujangrao Patil is very passionate about the game of Kabaddi, for which the entire village is under the sage of fear. If any one dares to go against him or refuses to obey his orders, Bhujangrao Patil declares a game of Kabaddi to an ill-fated result. Bhujangrao Patil's wife Komal used to have the slimmest body before she got married. Today, Bhujangrao has replaced Komal with Champa as he hates even the sight of his obese wife. To regain her self-respect and her rights, Komal takes a vow to challenge and defeat Bhujangrao in the game he is so proud of, Kabaddi.",somewhere maharashtra vaitagwadi small lost village village under serious financial issues school chalks black board dispensary doctors villagers land name bhujangrao patil character named bhujangrao patil very passionate game kabaddi entire village under sage fear any dares against or refuses obey orders bhujangrao patil declares game kabaddi ill fated result bhujangrao patil wife komal used slimmest body got married today bhujangrao replaced komal champa hates even sight obese wife regain self respect rights komal vow challenge defeat bhujangrao game proud kabaddi,comedy,drama
"Newly elected to Congress, former local television news reporter Evan Baxter (Steve Carell) leaves his hometown of Buffalo, New York and later moves to the fictional community of Prestige Crest, Virginia, where his congressional campaign officially declares that he will change the world. Evan prays to God (Morgan Freeman) to give him this opportunity. His wife, Joan (Lauren Graham), also prays that she, Evan and their three sons (Jimmy Bennett, Graham Phillips, and Johnny Simmons) will be closer together as a family. On his first day in Congress, Evan receives a letter from his greedy boss, Chuck Long (John Goodman), who provides him with a prime office, congressional staffers (Wanda Sykes, John Michael Higgins and Jonah Hill), and the opportunity to join Long as the junior co-sponsor to his Citizens' Integration of Public Lands Act (CINPLAN) bill. Over the next several days, strange events in Evan's life occur: Evan comes to realize that this number actually refers to the verse in the Book of Genesis, where God instructs Noah to build an Ark in preparation for a flood. Although Evan initially rejects this idea, God himself starts appearing to Evan in various guises, assuring him a flood is coming and the only way Evan can save the world will be to save his community instead. Evan decides to start building the ark with the tools and materials provided, giving him an opportunity to get closer to his sons, though Joan sees this as a mid-life crisis. Evan still maintains his work in Congress, but his appearance and the animals that keep following him start to become disruptive. God reappears and provides Evan a robe, though warns him the flood will come mid-day on September 22. When Evan dons the robe, he finds he is unable to wear any other clothes, the robe seemingly displacing anything else he wears. Outraged by Evan's slothful appearance, Long fires him and his name removed from the bill. Evan suspects God had him fired to spend more time on the ark, and continues to do so, becoming a public spectacle and of ridicule. Believing that Evan has gone insane, Joan leaves him, although she encounters God in disguise as a waiter at a diner. After hearing her concern about Evan's mental state, God assures Joan that she should see this as an opportunity for the entire family to get closer to each other. Joan is inspired and finally returns to help Evan finish the ark. As September 22 nears, more people have come out in support of Evan's project, including the staffers he had. One shows Evan researches that he had found on Long, specifically that he had built Prestige Crest after damming off a nearby water source, but Long had cut many corners in building the dam. The staffers suspect Long would do the same with the Public Land Act Bill. On September 22, with the ark complete, the police attempt to destroy the ark with a wrecking ball, as it violates land codes. As animals start to amass near the ark, and rain falls, Evan realizes that the flood will be a result of Long's dam failing, destroying Prestige Crest. He warns the onlookers to either evacuate or get aboard the ark as he loads his family and the gathered animals aboard. The dam indeed breaks, destroying all the houses of Prestige Crest, but Evan's foresight saves all the lives there. The ark later washes through the streets of Washington D.C. and comes to its final destination in front of the Capitol during the vote of the Public Land Act Bill, interrupting it. This results Evan accuses Long's cost-cutting for the dam's failure, leading to the other members of Congress voting against the bill. Long is being put under investigation for his profiteering and ethics, while the animals are returned to their natural habitats. Evan is finally reinstated in Congress, all the changes forced on him by God no longer remaining. While going on a hike, Evan re-encounters God, and expresses concern that he did not need to build the ark to show the problem with Long's dam, but God retorts that Evan's life is now perfect as he prayed for, being closer to his family and having changed the world for the better through his one Act of Random Kindness (ARK). During the film's closing credits, God issues a new commandment to the outgoing audience: Thou shalt do the dance. This is later followed by footage showing the film's cast and crew members dancing to C+C Music Factory's hit song Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now).",newly elected congress former local television news reporter evan baxter steve carell leaves hometown buffalo york moves fictional community prestige crest virginia congressional campaign officially declares change world evan prays god morgan freeman give opportunity wife joan lauren graham prays evan three sons jimmy bennett graham phillips johnny simmons closer together family day congress evan receives letter greedy boss chuck long john goodman provides prime office congressional staffers wanda sykes john michael higgins jonah hill opportunity join long junior co sponsor citizens integration public lands act cinplan bill several days strange events evan life occur evan realize number actually refers verse book genesis god instructs noah build ark preparation flood although evan initially rejects idea god starts appearing evan various guises assuring flood coming evan save world save community instead evan decides start building ark tools materials provided giving opportunity closer sons though joan sees mid life crisis evan maintains work congress appearance animals keep following start become disruptive god reappears provides evan robe though warns flood mid day september evan dons robe unable wear any clothes robe seemingly displacing anything else wears outraged evan slothful appearance long fires name removed bill evan suspects god fired spend time ark continues do becoming public spectacle ridicule believing evan gone insane joan leaves although encounters god disguise waiter diner hearing concern evan mental state god assures joan should see opportunity entire family closer each joan inspired finally returns evan finish ark september nears people support evan project including staffers shows evan researches found long specifically built prestige crest damming nearby water source long cut many corners building dam staffers suspect long would do same public land act bill september ark complete police attempt destroy ark wrecking ball violates land codes animals start amass near ark rain falls evan realizes flood result long dam failing destroying prestige crest warns onlookers either evacuate or aboard ark loads family gathered animals aboard dam indeed breaks destroying houses prestige crest evan foresight saves lives ark washes streets washington d c final destination front capitol vote public land act bill interrupting results evan accuses long cost cutting dam failure leading members congress voting against bill long put under investigation profiteering ethics animals returned natural habitats evan finally reinstated congress changes forced god longer remaining going hike evan re encounters god expresses concern did need build ark show problem long dam god retorts evan life perfect prayed closer family changed world better act random kindness ark film closing credits god issues commandment outgoing audience thou shalt do dance followed footage showing film cast crew members dancing c c music factory hit song gonna you sweat everybody dance,comedy,drama
"Miles (Robert Ri'chard) is a wisecracking African American boy who is an avid fan of sports, particularly baseball icon Hank Aaron, but is failing at school. His teacher Mrs. Clark (Susan Sarandon) threatens Miles that she will make him repeat 6th grade should his grades not improve. He and his class, including his friends, two Caucasian boys Randy (Lucas Black) and former bully Kyle (Zachary Leigh) and a Latino girl Maria (Jessica Garcia), visit a museum, dedicated to Martin Luther King, Jr.. Randy and Miles explore Martin's bedroom, and are caught by the museum's curator Mrs. Peck (Whoopi Goldberg), who winds up an old watch. The boys hold Martin's baseball glove and the two are transported back to 1941 and encounter a 12-year-old Martin (Theodore Borders) playing with his friends, Sam and Skip Dale (Adam Wylie), until their mother (Ashley Judd) arrives and reprimands her sons for integrating with the coloreds. Martin explains to Miles and Randy that Mrs. Dale's hatred of black people stems from the fact she regards them as different, but violence would only worsen things. The boys then travel 3 years in time and meet a teenage Martin (Jaleel White) on a segregated train. He explains to them that blacks and whites are unable to integrate and must use separate bathrooms, restaurants, and waiting rooms. They later have dinner with Martin's family and while he goes to do shut in rounds with his father (James Earl Jones), the boys travel forward 11 years and meet Martin (LeVar Burton), who by now is in his 20's and works as a minister at the church. He is holding a meeting about the Montgomery Bus Boycott, set off after Rosa Parks, a black seamstress refused to give up her seat on a bus and was put in prison for it. As a result, no black adults or children will ride the buses. Just then, Turner (Samuel L. Jackson), Martin's friend, alerts him his house has been bombed. He races home, where his wife Coretta Scott King and newborn daughter Yolanda have escaped unharmed. Turner announces that in retaliation, they will attack the perpetrators with bricks, guns, Molotov cocktails and knives, but Martin stops him, reminding the crowd of Gandhi peacefully standing his ground to exile the British colonies from India and of Jesus teaching love for his enemies. Miles and Randy then travel to the Birmingham riot of 1963 and witness firemen and police officers squirt black protesters with hoses and release German Shepherds on them. The boys are later transported back to the museum and join their class back at school. The following day, Miles and Randy tell Miss Clark about the events prior to Martin's work and later the class watch a VHS tape of Martin's work. After the class leaves, Maria and Kyle decide to investigate for themselves how Miles and Randy got the information. When the boys arrive at the museum, Mrs. Peck lets them stay but warns them that when one messes with the past, this can affect the present. Maria and Kyle follow the two boys in and catch them in Martin's bedroom. The four children are then transported to the March on Washington Movement and meets Martin who is in his 30's (Dexter Scott King) along with a young white woman, whom they realize is a younger version of Mrs. Clark. When they return, Miles discovers that Martin was murdered. The children travel back to 1941 and bring the 12-year-old Martin back to the present. When they return, only Miles and Martin return together and the present is different. They discover that the museum is now just a burned down house. They also find out Randy and Kyle are also racists and no longer friends with Miles or know him. His middle school is segregated and named after Robert E. Lee, Miss Clark is treated poorly by the principal and Maria works as a maid and can't speak English. He and his mother (Angela Bassett) live in poverty as she now works as a cleaning lady. The next day Miles cannot understand what is going on but Martin figures out because he left his own time, it created an alternate timeline where his civil rights work never happened. Miles realizes the error of his ways and must sacrifice his plans to rescue Martin. Miles bids a tearful farewell, but realizes he still has Martin's watch and begs for him to come out of his house. Martin returns to his time, where he is shot and killed at his hotel. This results in the present reverting to normal and Miles is reunited with Randy, Maria, and Kyle. Mrs. Peck knows about Miles time traveling and tells him that while they cannot change the past as long as they remember Martin and what he stood for he will always be with them. He receives an A+ on his history test, allowing him to progress to 7th grade. He and his friends then vow to continue Martin's work. At the end of the film, Mrs. Peck closes the door to Martin's bedroom as the credits roll.",miles robert ri chard wisecracking african american boy avid fan sports particularly baseball icon hank aaron failing school teacher mrs clark susan sarandon threatens miles repeat th grade should grades improve class including friends caucasian boys randy lucas black former bully kyle zachary leigh latino girl maria jessica garcia visit museum dedicated martin luther king jr randy miles explore martin bedroom caught museum curator mrs peck whoopi goldberg winds old watch boys hold martin baseball glove transported encounter year old martin theodore borders playing friends sam skip dale adam wylie until mother ashley judd arrives reprimands sons integrating coloreds martin explains miles randy mrs dale hatred black people stems fact regards different violence would worsen things boys travel years time meet teenage martin jaleel white segregated train explains blacks whites unable integrate must use separate bathrooms restaurants waiting rooms dinner martin family do shut rounds james earl jones boys travel forward years meet martin levar burton works minister church holding meeting montgomery bus boycott set rosa parks black seamstress refused give seat bus put prison result black adults or children ride buses turner samuel l jackson martin friend alerts bombed races home wife coretta scott king newborn daughter yolanda escaped unharmed turner announces retaliation attack perpetrators bricks guns molotov cocktails knives martin stops reminding crowd gandhi peacefully standing ground exile british colonies india jesus teaching love enemies miles randy travel birmingham riot witness firemen police officers squirt black protesters hoses release german shepherds boys transported museum join class school following day miles randy tell miss clark events prior martin work class watch vhs tape martin work class leaves maria kyle decide investigate themselves how miles randy got information boys arrive museum mrs peck lets stay warns messes past affect present maria kyle follow boys catch martin bedroom four children transported march washington movement meets martin dexter scott king along young white woman whom realize younger version mrs clark return miles discovers martin murdered children travel bring year old martin present return miles martin return together present different discover museum burned find randy kyle racists longer friends miles or know middle school segregated named robert e lee miss clark treated poorly principal maria works maid speak english mother angela bassett live poverty works cleaning lady day miles cannot understand going martin figures left time created alternate timeline civil rights work never happened miles realizes error ways must sacrifice plans rescue martin miles bids tearful farewell realizes martin watch begs martin returns time shot killed hotel results present reverting normal miles reunited randy maria kyle mrs peck knows miles time traveling cannot change past long remember martin stood always receives history test allowing progress th grade friends vow continue martin work end film mrs peck closes door martin bedroom credits roll,animation,drama
"Jeffrey Cole (Epps) is a recent graduate of the Cincinnati police academy who dreams of working undercover. Cole manages to get an undercover assignment the day of graduation and earns the praise of his superiors. Good at earning the trust of small-time drug dealers, Cole is given the task of taking down statewide crack dealer Dwayne Gittens (LL Cool J), an underworld boss so powerful that his nickname is God. Gittens is known as a family man and a man of the people, contributing to his community and helping those in need. However, there is another side to him, a ruthless leader of a criminal empire who will torture or kill anyone without question. Gittens controls eighty percent of the drug traffic in Cincinnati, Ohio, controls many of his opponents through bribery or intimidation, and appears to be untouchable. Building up his skills and credentials as an effective undercover officer, Cole earns the praise and adoration from his superiors, and he is eventually assigned to undercover work in the case against Gittens. Cole goes undercover, posing as a drug dealer under the name of J. Reid from Akron, Ohio. He is determined to be the man who brings down Gittens underworld empire. Cole has to prove he has street cred to gain a place in God's crew. At one point God sends Cole out on a mission with a couple of his cohorts with the intention of Cole killing a man that God wants dead. Trapped in that position, Cole goes along and has to find a way not to kill this man, but not blow his cover. This on the car ride over. What he does is chase the man firing shots at him, but misses intentionally. Thus the crew believe he's loyal, but has bad aim. Cole eventually becomes close with one of the members of Gittens' crew, Breezy T. (Harper). Later on, Cole eludes an assassination attempt by members of Gittens' crew that he was with earlier. Cole goes to Breezy T., thinking that he was set up by Breezy or God. Once Breezy advises that he had nothing to do with that, nor did Gittens, and the guys acted on their own accord, Cole leaves. Cole's superiors are impressed at his undercover work and how close he has gotten to Gittens, earning his trust while providing his superiors with intricate details into Gittens' organization. Cole's superior, Preston D'Ambrosio (Tucci) worries that the line between cop and bad guy is getting blurred and that both identities are becoming one. He begins to see behavioral changes in Cole, as more and more, Cole starts to assume the J. Reid identity, and D'Ambrosio believes that Cole is getting too far deep undercover that, characteristically and morally, he may not be able to recover from. Because of this, D'Ambrosio places Cole on forced hiatus from undercover and sends him to a place in the woods far from the city to get his head straight and re-discover himself. During that time, Cole rediscoveres his identity and meets Myra (Long), an aspiring model during one of Cole's photography classes. The two eventually begin dating and D'Ambrosio (who checks in on Cole from time to time) begins to take notice of his new life away from undercover work. Cole tries to convince D'Ambrosio to let him go back undercover in the Gittens case, to no avail. D'Ambrosio is too concerned for Cole becoming the J. Reid persona and losing his identity for good. D'Ambrosio is eventually overruled by District Attorney Daniel Connelly (Jake Weber) and DEA agent Rick Scott (David Patrick Kelly), reasoning that Cole is the only undercover cop to infiltrate Gittens crew as deep as he has, and Cole is the person who can bring down Gittens' organization. Cole is then reassigned to the Gittens case. Myra, realizing that he has to go back undercover, begins to distance herself from Cole. As Cole becomes J. Reid once again, he becomes reacquainted with Gittens. Cole starts to see Gittens becoming unhinged and his sporadic violence in the community (with one example, Gittens beating a man and woman in the streets in broad daylight with his infant son in the car), going as far as beating one of his close associates with a pool stick and ramming the stick up the guy's anus, killing the man for making a pass at his baby's mother. The ruthlessness starts to get to Cole, as he dives deeper into his J. Reid cover. The further Cole goes undercover, the more his identities and loyalties are blurred between Jeffrey Cole, the undercover officer, and J. Reid, the gangster from Akron that has earned Gittens full trust. Because of this, Cole begins to alienate himself from his superiors, his fellow officers, and even Myra, as Cole begins to lose reality of who he is, becoming more and more the J. Reid gangster. D'Ambrosio wants to pull Cole out of undercover again, as he sees his officer becoming unhinged and becoming J. Reid. Connelly and Scott disagree, and they come up with a sting to bust Gittens meeting with his suppliers, to which D'Ambrosio eventually agrees after Cole convinces him the importance of this sting. During the sting, where Cole and Gittens are meeting with Gittens' suppliers, the police arrive to arrest Gittens and the suppliers. A gunfight ensues, with the police and Gittens. Gittens advises his crew to lower their weapons and surrender (advising that his lawyers will get them out and a shootout with police is futile). Cole shields Gittens from police and a standoff ensues between the officers and an unhinged Cole, struggling between his loyalties. Realizing he is losing himself, Det. Angela Wilson (Grier) talks him down and reminds him that he is Jeffrey Cole, not J. Reid, and to lower his weapon. Cole eventually gets a hold of himself and lowers his gun. As Gittens is being read his Miranda rights, Scott requests Cole to bring Gittens in (and exposes Cole's identity as an undercover cop). Gittens, in disbelief, denies all allegations that Cole is an undercover cop. Eventually Gittens realizes the magnitude of the situation and that J. Reid is a cop; Gittens calls Cole a sellout, and leaves in police custody. During trial, Cole (now out of undercover and back to his normal identity) testifies against Gittens and his organization. Cole puts in a good word for Breezy T., helping him reduce his sentence. Because of the evidence against him and Cole's testimony, Gittens is convicted and sentence to two consecutive terms of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. Gittens and Cole share a final glance before Gittens is taken away. As Connelly and Scott hold a press conference for the conviction of Gittens (taking credit for Cole's undercover work in the process), Cole and Myra (assumed to be back together) are driving and listening to the press conference. Cole switches off the radio, while Myra reminds Cole that his undercover work was the sole reason Gittens is behind bars. The last scenes are shown where Cole is teaching new young officers about undercover work, and the importance to never lose their cover or get too deep.",jeffrey cole epps recent graduate cincinnati police academy dreams working undercover cole manages undercover assignment day graduation earns praise superiors good earning trust small time drug dealers cole given task taking statewide crack dealer dwayne gittens ll cool j underworld boss powerful nickname god gittens known family people contributing community helping those need side ruthless leader criminal empire torture or kill anyone without question gittens controls eighty percent drug traffic cincinnati ohio controls many opponents bribery or intimidation appears untouchable building skills credentials effective undercover officer cole earns praise adoration superiors assigned undercover work case against gittens cole undercover posing drug dealer under name j reid akron ohio determined brings gittens underworld empire cole prove street cred gain place god crew point god sends cole mission couple cohorts intention cole killing god wants dead trapped position cole along find kill blow cover car ride chase firing shots misses intentionally thus crew believe loyal bad aim cole close members gittens crew breezy t harper cole eludes assassination attempt members gittens crew earlier cole breezy t thinking set breezy or god once breezy advises nothing do nor did gittens guys acted accord cole leaves cole superiors impressed undercover work how close gotten gittens earning trust providing superiors intricate details gittens organization cole superior preston d ambrosio tucci worries line cop bad guy getting blurred identities becoming see behavioral changes cole cole starts assume j reid identity d ambrosio believes cole getting too far deep undercover characteristically morally may able recover d ambrosio places cole forced hiatus undercover sends place woods far city head straight re discover time cole rediscoveres identity meets myra long aspiring model cole photography classes begin dating d ambrosio checks cole time time notice life undercover work cole convince d ambrosio let undercover gittens case avail d ambrosio too concerned cole becoming j reid persona losing identity good d ambrosio overruled district attorney daniel connelly jake weber dea agent rick scott david patrick kelly reasoning cole undercover cop infiltrate gittens crew deep cole person bring gittens organization cole reassigned gittens case myra realizing undercover distance herself cole cole j reid once reacquainted gittens cole starts see gittens becoming unhinged sporadic violence community example gittens beating woman streets broad daylight infant son car going far beating close associates pool stick ramming stick guy anus killing making pass baby mother ruthlessness starts cole dives deeper j reid cover further cole undercover identities loyalties blurred jeffrey cole undercover officer j reid gangster akron earned gittens full trust cole alienate superiors fellow officers even myra cole lose reality becoming j reid gangster d ambrosio wants pull cole undercover sees officer becoming unhinged becoming j reid connelly scott disagree sting bust gittens meeting suppliers d ambrosio agrees cole convinces importance sting sting cole gittens meeting gittens suppliers police arrive arrest gittens suppliers gunfight ensues police gittens gittens advises crew lower weapons surrender advising lawyers shootout police futile cole shields gittens police standoff ensues officers unhinged cole struggling loyalties realizing losing det angela wilson grier talks reminds jeffrey cole j reid lower weapon cole hold lowers gun gittens read miranda rights scott requests cole bring gittens exposes cole identity undercover cop gittens disbelief denies allegations cole undercover cop gittens realizes magnitude situation j reid cop gittens calls cole sellout leaves police custody trial cole undercover normal identity testifies against gittens organization cole puts good word breezy t helping reduce sentence evidence against cole testimony gittens convicted sentence consecutive terms life imprisonment without possibility parole gittens cole share final glance gittens taken connelly scott hold press conference conviction gittens taking credit cole undercover work process cole myra assumed together driving listening press conference cole switches radio myra reminds cole undercover work sole reason gittens behind bars last scenes shown cole teaching young officers undercover work importance never lose cover or too deep,crime,action
Solange and Claire are two housemaids who construct elaborate sadomasochistic rituals when their mistress (Madame) is away. The focus of their role-playing is the murder of Madame and they take turns portraying both sides of the power divide. Their deliberate pace and devotion to detail guarantees that they always fail to actualize their fantasies by ceremoniously killing Madame at the ritual's dénouement.,solange claire housemaids construct elaborate sadomasochistic rituals mistress madame focus role playing murder madame turns portraying sides power divide deliberate pace devotion detail guarantees always fail actualize fantasies ceremoniously killing madame ritual d nouement,drama,comedy
"Living in a university campus set in Sikkim, Lakshya (Himansh Kohli) is the son of a martyred army officer but does not appreciate his father's sacrifice for the nation. Lakshya, Jiya (Nicole Faria) - a college bombshell, Saloni (Rakul Preet Singh) - a geek, Pardy - a drummer, and Neil - a biker, are five close friends who are exploring the best moments of their lives in college, experiencing different relationships yet living an aimless life. They come across a challenge when their college land has been bought by an Australian businessman who plans to build a casino instead but is ready to lease out the land to the college for 100 years only if they're able to defeat a team of Australian students in a five-round competition. For the first three rounds they are sent to Australia where Lakshya meets his best friend and cousin Debu. During the first round of rock concert, the Australian band steals Lakshya and his band's song, and on protest they brutally beat Debu. While Debu is rushed to hospital, Lakshya and the band perform a Hindi song, eventually losing the first round. Saloni then wins the second round which is a chess competition. Unable to recover from his injuries, Debu succumbs to death in the hospital. Disturbed by his death, Saloni and Neil lose the third round of bike race, giving Australia a 2-1 lead. The competition is then shifted to India with two more rounds to go. Lakshya discovers that Neil was the traitor who gave their song to the Australian band and intentionally lost the bike race motivated by a greed of getting an Australian immigration as promised by an Australian team member. Neil is now planning to lose the cycle race as well, but in order to fail his plan, Lakshya befriends Jannet (Evelyn Sharma) and makes Neil believe that the Australians are double crossing him. Neil realizes his fault and decides to win the race, but fatefully falls from stairs breaking his leg. Lakshya takes his place and beats Australia in round four leading to a tie between both teams. In the final round of rock climbing, a team member of both teams has to collect his respective country's flag from the hill top and race back to college in order to win the competition. After crossing all the hurdles, Lakshya manages to win the race and the college celebrates their victory. The story ends with Lakshya and Saloni, Jiya and Pardy getting together while Neil repents his deeds.",living university campus set sikkim lakshya himansh kohli son martyred army officer appreciate sacrifice nation lakshya jiya nicole faria college bombshell saloni rakul preet singh geek pardy drummer neil biker five close friends exploring best moments lives college experiencing different relationships yet living aimless life across challenge college land bought australian businessman plans build casino instead ready lease land college years able defeat team australian students five round competition three rounds sent australia lakshya meets best friend cousin debu round rock concert australian band steals lakshya band song protest brutally beat debu debu rushed hospital lakshya band perform hindi song losing round saloni wins second round chess competition unable recover injuries debu succumbs death hospital disturbed death saloni neil lose third round bike race giving australia lead competition shifted india rounds lakshya discovers neil traitor gave song australian band intentionally lost bike race motivated greed getting australian immigration promised australian team member neil planning lose cycle race well order fail plan lakshya befriends jannet evelyn sharma makes neil believe australians double crossing neil realizes fault decides win race fatefully falls stairs breaking leg lakshya place beats australia round four leading tie teams final round rock climbing team member teams collect respective country flag hill top race college order win competition crossing hurdles lakshya manages win race college celebrates victory story ends lakshya saloni jiya pardy getting together neil repents deeds,romance,comedy
Newspaperman is caught in the middle of a ruthless city power struggle.,newspaperman caught middle ruthless city power struggle,crime,action
"The movie is about a 40-year-old married woman, Paroma (Raakhee) whose identity lies in the words like bahu (the daughter-in-law), kaki maa (paternal aunt) and bhabhi (brother's wife). Her well-settled, very normal and predictable life turns upside down when Rahul (Mukul Sharma), an expatriate photo-journalist working for a magazine chooses her to pose for a photo essay, An Indian Housewife. It begins with a simple question, What do you think, Paroma?. Through Rahul, Paroma rediscovers herself. His photographs of her make her look glamorous. Their affair or rather her discovery of herself, becomes a problem when some of the photographs, earlier admired by the family, are published in a journal (the semi nude photographs that were published were never shown to the family, Rahul deceived her by publishing those photographs without her consent). Paroma is rejected by her husband and has a mental breakdown. In the end, a doctor suggests prescribing psychiatric treatment and the family is willing to accept her back, but Paroma adamantly refuses any sense of guilt, turning to her friend and asking her if she can help her find a job.",movie year old married woman paroma raakhee whose identity lies words like bahu daughter law kaki maa paternal aunt bhabhi brother wife well settled very normal predictable life turns upside rahul mukul sharma expatriate photo journalist working magazine chooses pose photo essay indian housewife simple question do you think paroma rahul paroma rediscovers herself photographs look glamorous affair or rather discovery herself problem photographs earlier admired family published journal semi nude photographs were published were never shown family rahul deceived publishing those photographs without consent paroma rejected husband mental breakdown end doctor suggests prescribing psychiatric treatment family willing accept paroma adamantly refuses any sense guilt turning friend asking find job,drama,romance
"A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by his father.",wealthy doctor rich spoiled son johnnie penrose joins gang car thieves france denied car,drama,comedy
"Vamsi (Mahesh Babu) is a talented and successful fashion designer who gets an opportunity to participate in a designer's contest held in Australia. Vamsi has a colleague called Sneha (Mayuri Kango) who is selected to model his creations in the fashion contest. Since Vamsi has to study the culture of Australia to design the best outfit, he is asked to tour Australia extensively for a month. Shilpa (Namrata Shirodkar) is the daughter of an industrialist Ankineedu Prasad (Nassar), who is studying in Australia. She decides to take a vacation after exams by touring the Australian country. Shilpa meets Vamsi in the tour and she slowly falls in love with him. After the trip is over, Sneha, who loves Vamsi, learns that Shilpa and Vamsi are getting close. She trips and falls down the stairs and gets injured. When Vamsi is disappointed since his model friend is injured, Shilpa surprises him by entering the contest with Vamsi's designs and winning the first prize for him. When Vamsi and Shilpa are returning to India, Sneha decides to stay back as she thinks that an Indian model will fare better in Australia than India. Shilpa lets her father know about her love for Vamsi. He warns Vamsi not to go after his daughter. After a couple of fights, Shilpa decides to marry Vamsi in a temple. As Shilpa escapes from home to meet Vamsi in the temple, Arjun (Krishna) kidnaps her. After waiting for Shilpa, Vamsi goes to Shilpa's house to enquire about her. Ankineedu puts him behind bars on the charge of kidnapping his daughter. After learning that Arjun has kidnapped his daughter, Ankineedu bails out Vamsi and begs him to save his daughter. He also agrees to marry his daughter to Vamsi. The story is more about Arjun taking revenge on the baddies which includes Ankineedu and his other gang members, Jaya Prakash Reddy and Kota Srinivasa Rao.",vamsi mahesh babu talented successful fashion designer opportunity participate designer contest held australia vamsi colleague called sneha mayuri kango selected model creations fashion contest since vamsi study culture australia design best outfit asked tour australia extensively month shilpa namrata shirodkar daughter industrialist ankineedu prasad nassar studying australia decides vacation exams touring australian country shilpa meets vamsi tour slowly falls love trip sneha loves vamsi learns shilpa vamsi getting close trips falls stairs injured vamsi disappointed since model friend injured shilpa surprises entering contest vamsi designs winning prize vamsi shilpa returning india sneha decides stay thinks indian model fare better australia than india shilpa lets know love vamsi warns vamsi daughter couple fights shilpa decides marry vamsi temple shilpa escapes home meet vamsi temple arjun krishna kidnaps waiting shilpa vamsi shilpa enquire ankineedu puts behind bars charge kidnapping daughter learning arjun kidnapped daughter ankineedu bails vamsi begs save daughter agrees marry daughter vamsi story arjun taking revenge baddies includes ankineedu gang members jaya prakash reddy kota srinivasa rao,action,romance
"Twenty-six-year-old Ethan lives with roommate Charlotte in a house owned by his ex-boyfriend Leo in West Hollywood. Ethan has been dating former pro baseball player-turned-autobiographer Kyle Underhill for several months, so when Leo announces he plans to sell the house, Ethan starts dropping hints to Kyle that they should live together. Inexplicably, when Kyle actually asks him to move in, Ethan breaks up with him. Ethan hooks up with a younger man, Punch, who works in a real estate office. Together they conspire to delay the sale of Leo's house by convincing him to sign with the world's worst realtor, the terminally depressed Sunny Deal. However, Charlotte ends up sleeping with Sunny which knocks her out of her depression and motivates her to make the sale. Meanwhile, after a nostalgic one-night stand, Ethan has decided he wants to get back together with Leo. Unfortunately, Leo has gotten engaged to a controlling and even emotionally abusive gay Republican Chester Baer and Ethan's event planner mother has agreed to plan their commitment ceremony. In an odd moment, Leo, Punch and Kyle end up in a torrid threesome in Ethan's bedroom. Punch decides that Ethan isn't mature enough for him and dumps him. Kyle, who'd been considering taking Ethan back, abruptly changes his mind. Chester forgives Leo and they go ahead with their plans. The house sells, Charlotte and Sunny move in together and Ethan signs a lease at a local retirement community. Ethan crashes the commitment ceremony but only to give Leo his silent blessing. However, at the altar, Leo has an anxiety attack and has to be taken away in an ambulance. A few days later Ethan settles in at the retirement community and the screen fades to black with the words THE END. The screen then fades back up on Leo talking with a lady retiree. As Ethan stands nearby, Leo tells her that he gave Chester his ring back and broke up with him. Leo has realized that he still loves Ethan. He and Ethan reconcile and the film ends as they kiss.",twenty six year old ethan lives roommate charlotte owned ex boyfriend leo west hollywood ethan dating former pro baseball player turned autobiographer kyle underhill several months leo announces plans sell ethan starts dropping hints kyle should live together inexplicably kyle actually move ethan breaks ethan hooks younger punch works real estate office together conspire delay sale leo convincing sign world worst realtor terminally depressed sunny deal charlotte ends sleeping sunny knocks depression motivates sale nostalgic night stand ethan decided wants together leo unfortunately leo gotten engaged controlling even emotionally abusive gay republican chester baer ethan event planner mother agreed plan commitment ceremony odd moment leo punch kyle end torrid threesome ethan bedroom punch decides ethan mature enough dumps kyle would considering taking ethan abruptly changes mind chester forgives leo ahead plans sells charlotte sunny move together ethan signs lease local retirement community ethan crashes commitment ceremony give leo silent blessing altar leo anxiety attack taken ambulance few days ethan settles retirement community screen fades black words end screen fades leo talking lady retiree ethan stands nearby leo gave chester ring broke leo realized loves ethan ethan reconcile film ends kiss,comedy,drama
"Peter Ibbetson (Reid) is an orphan raised by his uncle, Colonel Ibbetson. When the Colonel insults his dead mother, Peter attacks him and is ordered from the house. Then the young man runs into his childhood sweetheart, Mimsi (Ferguson), and their romantic feelings are rekindled. Unfortunately, Mimsi has married, but they carry on a love affair in their dreams. Their dream-affair continues over the years, even after Peter kills her husband, the Duke of Towers, and gets a life prison sentence.",peter ibbetson reid orphan raised uncle colonel ibbetson colonel insults dead mother peter attacks ordered young runs childhood sweetheart mimsi ferguson romantic feelings rekindled unfortunately mimsi married carry love affair dreams dream affair continues years even peter kills husband duke towers life prison sentence,romance,drama
"Ramachandra IPS (Daggubati Venkatesh) is the Deputy Commissioner of Police of Hyderabad City. His upbringing as an orphan and the special nature of his job as a policeman have left him reluctant to form relationships with women. He doesn't have much faith in the judicial system and seeks to 'eliminate' the criminals in the town through encounters. Rama Chandra, however, has fallen in love with Maya (Asin Thottumkal). She is a school teacher and has fallen in love with him. Initially, he shuns her love, fearing that his enemies might cause harm to her. But her love is so deep for him that she is willing to take this risk, and they are married. In one of his encounters, Rama Chandra kills Das, an Orissa-based leader of a criminal family, and his troubles begin. Das’ brother Panda (Salim Baig) resolves to take revenge on Rama Chandra for the death of his brother by targeting Chandra's friends and family members. Maya is kidnapped by these villains and her husband sets out to rescue her and to free Hyderabad City of this criminal menace at the same time. Despite facing growing horror and betrayal at every step, Ramachandra violently finishes off Panda and his mafia, and also rescuing his wounded wife. The ending scene features Rama Chandra a few months later, calling out to his wife 'Maya' and both leaving in a car.",ramachandra ips daggubati venkatesh deputy commissioner police hyderabad city upbringing orphan special nature job policeman left reluctant form relationships women much faith judicial system seeks eliminate criminals town encounters rama chandra fallen love maya asin thottumkal school teacher fallen love initially shuns love fearing enemies might cause harm love deep willing risk married encounters rama chandra kills das orissa based leader criminal family troubles begin das brother panda salim baig resolves revenge rama chandra death brother targeting chandra friends family members maya kidnapped these villains husband sets rescue free hyderabad city criminal menace same time despite facing growing horror betrayal every step ramachandra violently finishes panda mafia rescuing wounded wife ending scene features rama chandra few months calling wife maya leaving car,crime,action
"The film opens with Thiruthani (Bharath) beating up men who cause trouble to his sister for celebrating Diwali. Duraipandi (Rajkiran), an ex-military officer proudly watches the fight along with many others. However, Duraipandi becomes furious when Thiruthani refuses to save an athlete from having his leg broken despite his pleas for help. It is here that Thiruthani justifies his actions saying that everyone stood watching as his unconscious mother was left locked up in a burning building for fear that they would be killed by the local rowdies. Meanwhile, Thiruthani falls for Sugeesha (Sunaina), an orphan who goal in life is to marry a person with a large family. Soon, Thiruthani gets involved in an accident causing severe damages to his skull. The treating doctor privately tells him that he would only live for another 6 months. Unable to bear the thought of his family being depressed upon his death, he becomes harsh with them believing this would make them hate him. Seeing this, Duraipandi advises that he should kill the local rowdies so that everyone can live peacefully and that he will not face jail as he is about to die. As time passes, Thiruthani becomes one of the most wanted criminals. Shocked at this news, the doctor informs Thiruthani that he lied only because of Duraipandi's request. Furious, Thiruthani advances on Duraipandi only to find out that he has lost one leg in the army. The climax shows Duraipandi taking the blame for the murders (as no one has seen Thiruthani) where he gets shot.",film opens thiruthani bharath beating men cause trouble sister celebrating diwali duraipandi rajkiran ex military officer proudly watches fight along many others duraipandi furious thiruthani refuses save athlete leg broken despite pleas here thiruthani justifies actions saying everyone stood watching unconscious mother left locked burning building fear would killed local rowdies thiruthani falls sugeesha sunaina orphan goal life marry person large family thiruthani involved accident causing severe damages skull treating doctor privately would live months unable bear thought family depressed upon death harsh believing would hate seeing duraipandi advises should kill local rowdies everyone live peacefully face jail die time passes thiruthani most wanted criminals shocked news doctor informs thiruthani lied duraipandi request furious thiruthani advances duraipandi find lost leg army climax shows duraipandi taking blame murders seen thiruthani shot,action,drama
"In 1954 London, renowned fashion designer Reynolds Woodcock creates dresses for members of high society. His charisma and genius are matched by his obsessive, controlling and sometimes abusive personality. Cyril, his sister, manages the day-to-day operations of his fashion house and has significant influence over his life. Reynolds is haunted by the death of their mother, and stitches hidden messages into the linings of the dresses he makes. After designing a new gown for a revered client, Reynolds visits a restaurant in the countryside and becomes interested in a waitress, Alma. He asks her on a date, and she accepts. Their relationship develops, and she moves in with him, becoming his assistant, muse and lover. Cyril initially distrusts Alma but comes to respect her willfulness and determination. At first, Alma enjoys being a part of Reynolds' work, but he proves aloof and hard to please, and they bicker. When Alma tries to surprise him with a romantic dinner, Reynolds lashes out and they fight. Alma wonders aloud what she is doing in his house beyond either waiting for him to pay attention to her or ask her to leave. In order to regain her power in their relationship and to punish and make Reynolds more vulnerable and needy, Alma laces his tea with a small amount of poisonous mushroom gathered outside his country house. The next morning, dizzy and sweating, while he readies a wedding gown for a Belgian princess, he collapses, damaging the dress and forcing his staff to work all night to repair it. He becomes gravely ill and sees his mother in the room; he tells her how much he misses her. Alma nurses him through his fever; when Cyril brings in a doctor, first Reynolds and then Alma tell the doctor to Fuck off. When Reynolds is well again, he asks Alma to marry him, telling her that there are things that he must do and he cannot do them without her. Alma accepts and they are married. On vacation in the Swiss Alps, once again, Reynolds starts saying cruel and cutting things to Alma both privately and in front of their friends; they fight and defy each other again. As Reynolds' anxiety about his work increases, he complains to Cyril about Alma, who enters the room and overhears the conversation; neither Reynolds nor Alma is perturbed. We see Alma in the forest again, gathering mushrooms. One evening, she prepares a poisoned omelette as Reynolds watches her from the dining room table. As he slowly chews his first bite, she informs him that she wants him weak and vulnerable with only her to take care of him; after that, she wants him strong again. Reynolds implicitly consents by swallowing one bite of the omelette, responding, Kiss me, my girl, before I'm sick. In the next scene, they are in Reynolds' bedroom: Alma sits with Reynolds, in pajamas with a pan in his lap; they smile happily and kiss before he tells her that it's time for her to leave the room to which she responds, I'll be right outside the door. Later in a voiceover, Alma imagines their future with children, a rich social life, and her running the dressmaking business as a partner. We see Alma pushing a baby carriage which she hands over to Cyril so that she and Reynolds can go out. In the present moment, we see Reynolds with his head in Alma's lap as they enjoy the fireplace; Reynolds remarks that he is getting hungry.",london renowned fashion designer reynolds woodcock creates dresses members high society charisma genius matched obsessive controlling sometimes abusive personality cyril sister manages day day operations fashion significant influence life reynolds haunted death mother stitches hidden messages linings dresses makes designing gown revered client reynolds visits restaurant countryside interested waitress alma date accepts relationship develops moves becoming assistant muse lover cyril initially distrusts alma respect willfulness determination alma enjoys part reynolds work proves aloof hard please bicker alma surprise romantic dinner reynolds lashes fight alma wonders aloud doing beyond either waiting pay attention or ask leave order regain power relationship punish reynolds vulnerable needy alma laces tea small amount poisonous mushroom gathered outside country morning dizzy sweating readies wedding gown belgian princess collapses damaging dress forcing staff work night repair gravely ill sees mother room how much misses alma nurses fever cyril brings doctor reynolds alma tell doctor fuck reynolds well alma marry telling things must do cannot do without alma accepts married vacation swiss alps once reynolds starts saying cruel cutting things alma privately front friends fight defy each reynolds anxiety work increases complains cyril alma enters room overhears conversation neither reynolds nor alma perturbed we see alma forest gathering mushrooms evening prepares poisoned omelette reynolds watches dining room table slowly chews bite informs wants weak vulnerable care wants strong reynolds implicitly consents swallowing bite omelette responding kiss me my girl i am sick scene reynolds bedroom alma sits reynolds pajamas pan lap smile happily kiss time leave room responds i right outside door voiceover alma imagines future children rich social life running dressmaking business partner we see alma pushing baby carriage hands cyril reynolds present moment we see reynolds head alma lap enjoy fireplace reynolds remarks getting hungry,drama,comedy
"Mapantsula begins with cut-scenes between a heated protest and several police vehicles transporting apprehended black South Africans. There is a voice in the background saying that they have violated the Internal Security Act by gathering without permission and inciting a riot. Here we first see Panic who is herded with the rest of the prisoners, including women and children. He is put in a cell with eight other men. There is a cut-scene to a busy Johannesburg street where Panic and his partner in crime, Dingaan (Darlington Michaels), rob a white South African of his wallet, threatening him with a knife when he attempts to get his money back. After, Panic and Dingaan meet up at a local corner store and recount the event. Laughing, Dingaan says, “Eh man, we should stop this.” Panic replies, “You’re crazy.” Panic then makes his way home to the Soweto township where he rents a small, one-room house from a landlady he refers to as Ma Mobise (Dolly Rathebe). As he dresses up for a night out, she warns him that she wants him to stay out of trouble, commenting he dresses like a tsotsi, or gangster. Back at the prison, Panic is standing separate of the other prisoners. He demands one of them move out of his way and confronts another when asked why he is there. Panic replies, “The same reason as you.” The others do not believe him. We flashback to Panic at a disco club with his girlfriend Pat and Dingaan. After being hit on by the owner Lucky, she leaves, prompting Panic to go after her. They return to Panic’s place. There is another cut to Stander’s office where he and Panic are first introduced. Stander asks Panic if he speaks Afrikaans, Panic says he does not. Flashback to Panic’s house the morning after they go partying, Panic and Pat part after bickering over him not having a job. Pat leaves and Panic is approached by Ma Mobise about paying his rent. She then lectures him about rising rent prices and how nothing is ever done in Soweto. He son Sam (Eugene Majola) listens on. Pat in the meantime arrives for work. She is a housemaid to a white South African woman, Joyce (Margaret Michaels). Panic arrives, asking Pat for money. Joyce sends him away. Back in prison, all of the cells are full. Panic is being interrogated by Stander, who is outlining his extensive criminal history. On the last page, he leans back and notes, “I see you’ve been working for us.” In another flashback, Panic is trailing an obviously rich woman on the street, eyeing her handbag. But before he has a chance, another man grabs it from her. Panic runs after him. He meets up with Dingaan and Pat in a bar, and recounts that he tripped up the thief and the woman rewarded him. The thief is in fact at the bar and confronts Panic. He is angry about Panic getting out of jail on an earlier occasion, accusing him of selling out to the authorities. Panic breaks a bottle and threatens to kill him. The other man runs. A white officers comes into Panic’s cell and accuses all the men there of being terrorists. Panic is then taken to Stander’s office, where Stander demands, “What do these communists want?” Back in Soweto, Panic steals a suit and dons it. He goes to Joyce’s house to see Pat. Pat sends him away in anger. He refuses to leave. Joyce arrives and demands him to leave. He refuses. Joyce gets her dog and threatens Panic. He backs away from the house. Leaving, he picks up a brick and throws it through Joyce’s window. In Stander’s office, the police officer offers Panic coffee and food. He demands information from him about a man named Duma (Peter Sephima). Panic says he does not know him. Upon returning to his cell, he is accused by a fellow inmate of selling out to the authorities. Through another flashback, we find out that Pat has been fired. Sam takes Pat to a local gathering of the National African Congress, where the locals demand for the mayor (Steven Moloi) to keep from raising rents. Duma first appears, speaking out against the mayor and the current order. The next morning, Ma Mobise wakes up a hung over Panic and demands he pay rent. He begrudgingly obliges. Ma Mobise then runs into her son, Sam, on the street. After telling him to stay out of trouble, Sam runs from an approaching police van. Pat, meanwhile, meets with Duma, who urges her to return to Joyce and demand payment for benefits she was denied and the last week’s wages. Pat goes to Joyce’s, but is rebuffed by her former employer. Panic and Dingaan are in a mall. They spot a rich target and try to once again pull the trick they did earlier in the film. The man resists, grabbing the both of them. Panic stabs him and the two escape to a movie theater. Dingaan tells Panic he wants nothing more to do with him and leaves him. Panic in vain tries to get Pat back by going to her aunt’s house. But he is sent away once again. Back in Stander’s office, Panic is standing nearly naked in front of the inspector. Stander and another officer nearly throw him out the window as an intimidation tactic. In another cut scene, we see Panic at a local healer’s, she tells him that, “…the past and future are for dreaming about. The present is for living in.” We see Pat meet up with Duma. They go to his office, but the police are searching it. They escape. There is a funeral in Soweto which the police attempt to stop. We see them take away Sam before running from the riotous crowd. Panic comes home and discusses this with Ma Mobise, she says he isn’t at the police station. He then goes out looking for Sam. He ends up finding out that Sam has been hanging out with Duma, who is in hiding. Knowing Lucky is his brother, Panic goes to Lucky’s. He gets nowhere, even after threatening him. Panic leaves, and we see that two detectives are staking out Lucky’s house. Back at the police station, Panic is being humiliated by Stander, crouching naked in a locker room after insisting he does not know Duma. In another flashback, Panic is at Lucky’s at night. He finds out Duma is there. Duma runs but Panic catches up with him and demands he leave Pat alone. The detectives staking out Lucky’s place chase them but do not catch them. In his office, Stander places something in front of Panic and demands he sign it. Panic refuses. Stander shows him a recording of a riot. Through a quick series of flashbacks we realize that this is a riot protesting Sam’s death. Ma Mobise runs in front of the crowd and screams for justice. She is shot and the riot turns into a brawl. Panic and Duma flee but are caught by soldiers. Panic fights them and Duma escapes. In the final scene we see that the papers Stander demands Panic sign are actually a confession that Panic was aiding Duma in terrorist activities. Panic looks into the camera and refuses to sign the confession.",mapantsula cut scenes heated protest several police vehicles transporting apprehended black south africans voice background saying violated internal security act gathering without permission inciting riot here we see panic herded rest prisoners including women children put cell eight men cut scene busy johannesburg street panic partner crime dingaan darlington michaels rob white south african wallet threatening knife attempts money panic dingaan meet local corner store recount event laughing dingaan says eh we should stop panic replies you re crazy panic makes home soweto township rents small room landlady refers ma mobise dolly rathebe dresses night warns wants stay trouble commenting dresses like tsotsi or gangster prison panic standing separate prisoners demands move confronts asked why panic replies same reason you others do believe we flashback panic disco club girlfriend pat dingaan hit owner lucky leaves prompting panic return panic s place cut stander s office panic introduced stander panic speaks afrikaans panic says flashback panic s morning partying panic pat part bickering job pat leaves panic approached ma mobise paying rent lectures rising rent prices how nothing ever done soweto son sam eugene majola listens pat meantime arrives work housemaid white south african woman joyce margaret michaels panic arrives asking pat money joyce sends prison cells full panic interrogated stander outlining extensive criminal history last page leans notes i see you ve working us flashback panic trailing obviously rich woman street eyeing handbag chance grabs panic runs meets dingaan pat bar recounts tripped thief woman rewarded thief fact bar confronts panic angry panic getting jail earlier occasion accusing selling authorities panic breaks bottle threatens kill runs white officers panic s cell accuses men terrorists panic taken stander s office stander demands do these communists want soweto panic steals suit dons joyce s see pat pat sends anger refuses leave joyce arrives demands leave refuses joyce dog threatens panic backs leaving picks brick throws joyce s window stander s office police officer offers panic coffee food demands information named duma peter sephima panic says know upon returning cell accused fellow inmate selling authorities flashback we find pat fired sam pat local gathering national african congress locals demand mayor steven moloi keep raising rents duma appears speaking against mayor current order morning ma mobise wakes hung panic demands pay rent begrudgingly obliges ma mobise runs son sam street telling stay trouble sam runs approaching police van pat meets duma urges return joyce demand payment benefits denied last week s wages pat joyce s rebuffed former employer panic dingaan mall spot rich target try once pull trick did earlier film resists grabbing panic stabs escape movie theater dingaan panic wants nothing do leaves panic vain pat going aunt s sent once stander s office panic standing nearly naked front inspector stander officer nearly throw window intimidation tactic cut scene we see panic local healer s past future dreaming present living we see pat meet duma office police searching escape funeral soweto police attempt stop we see sam running riotous crowd panic home discusses ma mobise says isn t police station looking sam ends finding sam hanging duma hiding knowing lucky brother panic lucky s nowhere even threatening panic leaves we see detectives staking lucky s police station panic humiliated stander crouching naked locker room insisting know duma flashback panic lucky s night duma duma runs panic catches demands leave pat alone detectives staking lucky s place chase do catch office stander places something front panic demands sign panic refuses stander shows recording riot quick series flashbacks we realize riot protesting sam s death ma mobise runs front crowd screams justice shot riot turns brawl panic duma flee caught soldiers panic fights duma escapes final scene we see papers stander demands panic sign actually confession panic aiding duma terrorist activities panic looks camera refuses sign confession,crime,comedy
"Ash Ketchum, Dawn, Brock and their Pokémon arrive in Michina Town. As the group relaxes in a nearby river, some watermelons suddenly float towards them. While enjoying the watermelons with their Pokémon, two trainers Kato and Kiko appear who justify that the watermelons were theirs and were kept to cool in the flow of the river. Challenging for a tag battle, Ash and Dawn thus plan using Pikachu and Piplup against Kako's Heracross and Kiko's Beautifly. Ash and Dawn win the battle with good teamwork and also request Kato and Kiko to join for eating watermelons. After that, Kato and Kiko suggest Ash and the gang visit the local temple ruins. Whilst visiting a lake, a typhoon suddenly strikes up, but two mysterious individuals named Sheena and Kevin summon Dialga who ends the typhoon. A grudge Giratina arrives and attacks Dialga. Sheena uses her ability to communicate with a Pokémon's heart to quell their conflicts with each other, unless Giratina recognized Ash and Pikachu; sending Giratina back to its dimension. Palkia then arrives to save Dialga from another typhoon, and Sheena, once again, uses her ability to sync with the two to thank them. Taking the kids to the temple, Sheena and Kevin explain they investigate disruptions in time and space, and worry that Arceus, the creator of the dimensions, is to awaken. Revealing he is responsible for the encounters between Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina. Centuries ago, Arceus saved Earth from a meteor storm and nearly died with the loss of his sixteen Life Plates, but a man named Damos saved him. In gratitude, Arceus fused five of his plates into the Jewel of Life, which turned the demise town of Michina into a paradise. Arceus asked Damos to return the Jewel to him, but Damos proceeded to betray Arceus and attacked him. Arceus was forced to go into a long slumber, but he vowed to awaken and judge humanity. Sheena reveals that Damos is her ancestor, and she possesses the actual Jewel of Life, planning to give it back to Arceus to pass judgement. Arceus arrives, and Sheena offers him the jewel, only to discover that it is a fake. Arceus would have destroyed humanity, but Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina arrive to delay their creator. Upon Sheena's request, Dialga sends Ash, Dawn, Brock, and Sheena back in time experiencing the day (a solar eclipse) when Damos betrayed Arceus, but Dialga sends them further back, only for the heroes to be apprehended by Damos' lieutenant, Marcus, and his Heatran. The kids, Pikachu and Piplup are imprisoned, but the latter were released by a notch-eared Pichu. The kids meet Damos, imprisoned also by Marcus - who is actually the true culprit behind the betrayal - using his Bronzong's Hypnosis to manipulate Damos into becoming his pawn. Unaware of Marcus' true role, Sheena tells him everything about the future. The Pokémon free the kids and Damos. Arceus arrives to collect the Jewel of Life (hidden in Marcus' scepter) but the fooled Sheena ends up being the one who betrays him. Arceus is forced into a pit and is wounded by silver water and electrical attacks. Marcus' intention is to kill Arceus himself to prevent his judgement. Sheena and Damos use their abilities to free the Pokémon under Marcus' control, including Heatran and Bronzong. Ash and Dawn (with the help of Chikorita, Cyndaquil, and Totodile) confront Marcus, and Ash obtains the real Jewel of Life. Arceus absorbs the Jewel of Life, restoring his own life force and those of the future. Arceus rescues his saviors from the collapse of the temple. Saying goodbye, Ash, Dawn, Brock, and Sheena are transported back to the future, only to find present Arceus is still furious and has defeated Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina. Arceus spots Ash and recognizes him due to history's alterations, and reverses the destruction he caused and heals his servants. Ash and the others discover Damos has put them on a mural, thanking them for their help in saving the world. The town of Michina's prosperity has been kept cultivated by Damos and other ancestors. Arceus and his followers depart to their respective dimensions, with Arceus realizing that he is truly a part of the world that he created. In the credits, it is shown Marcus doing community service for Damos after his defeat, Alberto is still hitting on Alice as Darkrai looks on, and Newton visits Zero in prison while the Shaymin discovers a new location.",ash ketchum dawn brock pok mon arrive michina town group relaxes nearby river watermelons suddenly float towards enjoying watermelons pok mon trainers kato kiko appear justify watermelons were theirs were kept cool flow river challenging tag battle ash dawn thus plan using pikachu piplup against kako heracross kiko beautifly ash dawn win battle good teamwork request kato kiko join eating watermelons kato kiko suggest ash gang visit local temple ruins whilst visiting lake typhoon suddenly strikes mysterious individuals named sheena kevin summon dialga ends typhoon grudge giratina arrives attacks dialga sheena uses ability communicate pok mon heart quell conflicts each unless giratina recognized ash pikachu sending giratina dimension palkia arrives save dialga typhoon sheena once uses ability sync thank taking kids temple sheena kevin explain investigate disruptions time space worry arceus creator dimensions awaken revealing responsible encounters dialga palkia giratina centuries ago arceus saved earth meteor storm nearly died loss sixteen life plates named damos saved gratitude arceus fused five plates jewel life turned demise town michina paradise arceus asked damos return jewel damos proceeded betray arceus attacked arceus forced long slumber vowed awaken judge humanity sheena reveals damos ancestor possesses actual jewel life planning give arceus pass judgement arceus arrives sheena offers jewel discover fake arceus would destroyed humanity dialga palkia giratina arrive delay creator upon sheena request dialga sends ash dawn brock sheena time experiencing day solar eclipse damos betrayed arceus dialga sends further heroes apprehended damos lieutenant marcus heatran kids pikachu piplup imprisoned latter were released notch eared pichu kids meet damos imprisoned marcus actually true culprit behind betrayal using bronzong hypnosis manipulate damos becoming pawn unaware marcus true role sheena everything future pok mon free kids damos arceus arrives collect jewel life hidden marcus scepter fooled sheena ends betrays arceus forced pit wounded silver water electrical attacks marcus intention kill arceus prevent judgement sheena damos use abilities free pok mon under marcus control including heatran bronzong ash dawn chikorita cyndaquil totodile confront marcus ash obtains real jewel life arceus absorbs jewel life restoring life force those future arceus rescues saviors collapse temple saying goodbye ash dawn brock sheena transported future find present arceus furious defeated dialga palkia giratina arceus spots ash recognizes due history alterations reverses destruction caused heals servants ash others discover damos put mural thanking saving world town michina prosperity kept cultivated damos ancestors arceus followers depart respective dimensions arceus realizing truly part world created credits shown marcus doing community service damos defeat alberto hitting alice darkrai looks newton visits zero prison shaymin discovers location,animation,horror
"American millionaire Samuel C. Adams brings his daughter Dorothy to England to see a specialist about her heart trouble. So that she will not be hounded by the press and fortune hunters, Dorothy makes herself up to look extremely plain. Impoverished Lord Paul Menford spies her without the hideous disguise and falls in love with her immediately. When he is mistaken for his uncle, the heart specialist Adams seeks, he goes along in order to meet her. Meanwhile, his agent sells the Menford family estate to Adams. When Menford finally admits the ruse, Dorothy sends him away. Later that night, he gets drunk and goes home, only he has forgotten that he no longer lives at the Menford estate. He crawls into his old room, only to find Dorothy there. Frightened, she makes him leave and barricades the door for good measure. However, he just reenters the room through another door. When she faints, he picks her up and carries her into another bedroom. The butler, his old former servant, sees him do this. The next morning, Dorothy comes down for breakfast, and is annoyed to find the butler has put out two table settings. When one of Paul's friends shows up unexpectedly and finds them dining together, Paul introduces Dorothy as his wife to avoid a scandal. The butler overhears, and soon the joyous news has spread to the village. Dorothy's father arrives. When the villagers gather outside to loudly wish the newlyweds well, Mr. Adams believes that his daughter has married as well. Paul eventually tries to clear things up, but Adams thinks he is just joking. Adams is finally convinced when he finds Paul preparing to sleep in a different bedroom from his wife. Having gotten over her initial dislike for Paul, she agrees to his suggestion that they get married for real. However, when she overhears Joe Diamond congratulating Paul for landing a wealthy heiress and demanding 10% as promised, the wedding is off. Paul sadly leaves. Dorothy's father sees that she is heartbroken without Paul. Paul returns, having received a letter from her, apologizing for her behaviour and asking him to come see her before he leaves for Paris. She is puzzled (but secretly overjoyed), as she did not write it. While Paul packs some of his belongings, she goes to consult her father, who confesses that he is responsible. She begs him to do something to keep Paul from leaving. He has Paul's car sent away and creates a fake rainstorm using a hose. Paul is taken in at first, but then sees that it is only raining on one side of the house. Realizing Dorothy still loves him, Paul kisses her.",american millionaire samuel c adams brings daughter dorothy england see specialist heart trouble hounded press fortune hunters dorothy makes herself look extremely plain impoverished lord paul menford spies without hideous disguise falls love immediately mistaken uncle heart specialist adams seeks along order meet agent sells menford family estate adams menford finally admits ruse dorothy sends night drunk home forgotten longer lives menford estate crawls old room find dorothy frightened makes leave barricades door good measure reenters room door faints picks carries bedroom butler old former servant sees do morning dorothy breakfast annoyed find butler put table settings paul friends shows unexpectedly dining together paul introduces dorothy wife avoid scandal butler overhears joyous news spread village dorothy arrives villagers gather outside loudly wish newlyweds well mr adams believes daughter married well paul clear things adams thinks joking adams finally convinced paul preparing sleep different bedroom wife gotten initial dislike paul agrees suggestion married real overhears joe diamond congratulating paul landing wealthy heiress demanding promised wedding paul sadly leaves dorothy sees heartbroken without paul paul returns received letter apologizing behaviour asking see leaves paris puzzled secretly overjoyed did write paul packs belongings consult confesses responsible begs do something keep paul leaving paul car sent creates fake rainstorm using hose paul taken sees raining side realizing dorothy loves paul kisses,romance,comedy
"The film takes a behind-the-scenes look at the romantic lives of three chorus girls and the way their preferences in men affect their lives.[1] Sally is brassy, self-assured chorine in search of a sugar daddy. Irene is a romantic girl easily seduced by con men. Whereas Mary is the true heroine of the story, leaving the sordidness behind to settle down [2]",film behind scenes look romantic lives three chorus girls preferences men affect lives sally brassy self assured chorine search sugar daddy irene romantic girl easily seduced con men whereas mary true heroine story leaving sordidness behind settle,romance,comedy
"A beautiful, young lady falls in love with a pilot officer and wants to marry him, but her grandmother, of a Turkish aristocratic family, doesn't concur and would not allow her to marry the man. One of the family members tries to convince the grandmother to accept this. The grandmother dies and the woman inherits some of her wealth. Her lover becomes hesitant towards their marriage, thinking everybody might assume he married her for her wealth. She convinces him that this is not true and trusts him and loves him, so they marry each other.",beautiful young lady falls love pilot officer wants marry grandmother turkish aristocratic family concur would allow marry family members convince grandmother accept grandmother dies woman inherits wealth lover hesitant towards marriage thinking everybody might assume married wealth convinces true trusts loves marry each,drama,romance
"On a summer night in 1973, a young Michael Jordan is practicing basketball. His father steps out and tells him it is bedtime, but lets him make a few more shots. Jordan shoots while making several wishes like going to the University of North Carolina, playing on a championship team, joining the NBA, going on to play baseball, and successfully scores every shot. Impressed, Jordan's father jokingly asks if next he is going to wish he could fly, and Jordan turns to make one final shot. In 1993, Jordan announces his retirement from professional basketball to follow his now deceased father's career as a baseball player. However, it becomes evident that he is not as skilled in baseball as he was in basketball. Jordan is assigned a publicist and assistant, the bumbling Stan Podolak, to make his new career less bumpy. Elsewhere, in outer space, an intergalactic amusement park called Moron Mountain faces dwindling popularity, so its owner, Mr. Swackhammer, sends his diminutive minions, the Nerdlucks, to capture the Looney Tunes as new entertainment. The Looney Tunes live in an animated world called Looney Tunes Land hidden in the center of the Earth, but ignore the Nerdlucks' threats and challenge them to a game of basketball. The Nerdlucks steal the talents of professional basketball players Charles Barkley, Shawn Bradley, Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson and Muggsy Bogues, leaving them incapable of playing. The Nerdlucks absorb the talent, transforming into the gigantic Monstars who easily intimidate the Looney Tunes. While playing golf with Bill Murray, Larry Bird and Stan, Jordan is sucked down a hole and is recruited by Bugs Bunny to help the Tunes win against the Monstars. Jordan at first refuses, saying he does not play basketball anymore, but changes his decision after he is insulted and humiliated by the Monstars when they squash him into the shape of a basketball and bounce him around like one. He then sends Bugs and Daffy Duck to his house to retrieve his basketball gear. Meanwhile, Stan has been digging out the golf hole to find Jordan, but spots Bugs and Daffy leaping down another one and pursues them, reuniting with Jordan in the Tunes' world and joins their team, the Tune Squad. Another new recruit is Lola Bunny, a skilled basketball player whom Bugs falls in love with. On the day of the match, the Monstars dominate the first half, leaving the Looney Tunes unconfident. Stan overhears a conversation between the Monstars and Swackhammer, learning of how they gained their talent and informs Jordan and the Tune Squad. Bugs and Jordan convince the rest of the Tune Squad to fight back and the first quarter of the second half allows the Tunes to catch up using old school gags and Acme weaponry. During a timeout, Jordan raises the stakes of the game with Swackhammer: a win by the Tune Squad would require the Monstars to give their stolen talents back to the NBA players, while a Monstars win would get Jordan as a new attraction. To ensure his victory, Swackhammer has the Monstars play rough and injure all of the Tune Squad until only Jordan, Bugs, Daffy, Lola and Stan are left. Stan becomes the fifth player and manages to score, but is literally flattened by the Monstars and is removed from the court to be inflated. The referee, Marvin the Martian, informs Jordan that unless the team gets a fifth player, they will have to forfeit the game, at which point Murray appears and volunteers to be the team's fifth member. In the final seconds of the game, Jordan gains the ball and manages to use cartoon physics to extend his arm and score the winning points. Murray retires from the sport and the Monstars blast Swackhammer to the Moon in a rocket when Jordan makes them realize that they do not have to take his abuse anymore. Jordan convinces them to give up the stolen talents, and the Looney Tunes agree to recruit the reformed Nerdlucks in their ensemble. Jordan and a recovered Stan return to the surface, the Nerdlucks dropping them off at Jordan's next baseball game. Later on, the two visit the incapacitated basketball players and return their talent. The players invite Jordan to a three-on-three match, but when he declines, they question his loss of talent. Jordan later returns to the Chicago Bulls to resume his basketball career.",summer night young michael jordan practicing basketball steps bedtime lets few shots jordan shoots making several wishes like going university north carolina playing championship team joining nba going play baseball successfully scores every shot impressed jordan jokingly going wish could fly jordan turns final shot jordan announces retirement professional basketball follow deceased career baseball player evident skilled baseball basketball jordan assigned publicist assistant bumbling stan podolak career less bumpy elsewhere outer space intergalactic amusement park called moron mountain faces dwindling popularity owner mr swackhammer sends diminutive minions nerdlucks capture looney tunes entertainment looney tunes live animated world called looney tunes land hidden center earth ignore nerdlucks threats challenge game basketball nerdlucks steal talents professional basketball players charles barkley shawn bradley patrick ewing larry johnson muggsy bogues leaving incapable playing nerdlucks absorb talent transforming gigantic monstars easily intimidate looney tunes playing golf bill murray larry bird stan jordan sucked hole recruited bugs bunny tunes win against monstars jordan refuses saying play basketball anymore changes decision insulted humiliated monstars squash shape basketball bounce around like sends bugs daffy duck retrieve basketball gear stan digging golf hole find jordan spots bugs daffy leaping pursues reuniting jordan tunes world joins team tune squad recruit lola bunny skilled basketball player whom bugs falls love day match monstars dominate half leaving looney tunes unconfident stan overhears conversation monstars swackhammer learning how gained talent informs jordan tune squad bugs jordan convince rest tune squad fight quarter second half allows tunes catch using old school gags acme weaponry timeout jordan raises stakes game swackhammer win tune squad would require monstars give stolen talents nba players monstars win would jordan attraction ensure victory swackhammer monstars play rough injure tune squad until jordan bugs daffy lola stan left stan fifth player manages score literally flattened monstars removed court inflated referee marvin martian informs jordan unless team fifth player forfeit game point murray appears volunteers team fifth member final seconds game jordan gains ball manages use cartoon physics extend arm score winning points murray retires sport monstars blast swackhammer moon rocket jordan makes realize do abuse anymore jordan convinces give stolen talents looney tunes agree recruit reformed nerdlucks ensemble jordan recovered stan return surface nerdlucks dropping jordan baseball game visit incapacitated basketball players return talent players invite jordan three three match declines question loss talent jordan returns chicago bulls resume basketball career,animation,comedy
"Seventeen-year-old Carol (Christina Gregg) flees her small-town home to escape from her alcoholic stepfather, and heads off to London to live with her aunt. Once in London she is drawn to the sleazy excitement of Soho and finds work in a coffee bar. She falls in love with handsome young nightclub singer Joe Shane (Conrad) and soon they are a couple. She then discovers that Joe is a small-time crook on the side, with a gang background and a line in petty burglary. At work, Carol finds herself on the receiving end of advances from all manner of men, including her boss, Mort Wilson (Kenneth Griffith), who, though older, professes to be in love with her. When Carol becomes pregnant, Joe decides to do one last job to make the money to take them to a fresh start in Canada. He burgles Mort's house, but Mort catches him. After shooting Mort dead, Joe, himself severely wounded, goes on the lam with Caro.",seventeen year old carol christina gregg flees small town home escape alcoholic stepfather heads london live aunt once london drawn sleazy excitement soho work coffee bar falls love handsome young nightclub singer joe shane conrad couple discovers joe small time crook side gang background line petty burglary work carol herself receiving end advances manner men including boss mort wilson kenneth griffith though older professes love carol pregnant joe decides do last job money fresh start canada burgles mort mort catches shooting mort dead joe severely wounded lam caro,crime,drama
"Ted Hutchens (Knight) is a code expert working in intelligence at the American Embassy in London. On a night out to the Royal Ballet at Covent Garden he meets a young woman named Anna (Versois), and the pair fall immediately in love. The problem is that Anna is the daughter of the Soviet ambassador in London. It is made clear to both that their relationship cannot continue in such a political climate, and their movements are constantly monitored by surveillance units from both sides. However they continue to meet in secret, attempting to outwit both the American and Soviet surveillance services. Eventually, when Anna discovers she is pregnant, the couple decide that their love is stronger than the demands of political exigency, and make their escape together across a stormy English Channel. The film is open-ended, with no indication as to whether or not they succeed. The Young Lovers was noted in its time for its relatively frank depiction of a sexual relationship between a non-married couple, and was praised for its even-handedness in presenting Anna's father (Kossoff) in a sympathetic manner, as a man torn between his political duty and the desire for his daughter's happiness.",ted hutchens knight code expert working intelligence american embassy london night royal ballet covent garden meets young woman named anna versois pair fall immediately love problem anna daughter soviet ambassador london made clear relationship cannot continue such political climate movements constantly monitored surveillance units sides continue meet secret attempting outwit american soviet surveillance services anna discovers pregnant couple decide love stronger than demands political exigency escape together across stormy english channel film open ended indication whether or succeed young lovers noted time relatively frank depiction sexual relationship non married couple praised even handedness presenting anna kossoff sympathetic manner torn political duty desire daughter happiness,romance,drama
"Set in the future, the Earth has become severely polluted (people need to wear breathing masks when outside) with severe overpopulation affecting available resources. Because of the permanent thick smog that has settled over the dismal cities that now cover the Earth’s entire surface, all animals – even common household pets - are extinct; people eat tasteless bright-colored paste out of plastic containers. To reduce the world's population, the world's government decrees that no children may be conceived for the next 30 years. Breaking this law will result in a death penalty for both the parents as well as the newborn. Brainwashing and robot substitutes are used to end the yearning for children, with the death penalty as the ultimate deterrent, by being placed under a plastic dome and suffocated to death. Couples of child-bearing age visit Babyland and are given life-size animatronic children instead. Russ (Oliver Reed) and Carol McNeil (Geraldine Chaplin) work in a museum recreating life in the 20th century. Carol is desperate for a child and when she conceives she avoids the abortion machine installed in their bathroom to remain pregnant. After the child's birth, the couple must shield the baby from being discovered. Once Carol decides to break the law and have a baby, they must not only avoid the prying eyes of the Big Brother-like government, but also the growing jealousy of their own friends. Neighbors finding a couple with a real child will go into the streets screaming baby, baby, until authorities show up. When neighbours George (Don Gordon) and Edna Borden (Diane Cilento) find out about the baby, their initial offer to help conceal the baby leads quickly to trouble. Jealousy and envy arises as the Bordens want to share the baby as if it is a new car. The McNeils and the Bordens begin to fight over the baby and the Bordens then seek to keep the child for themselves. Finally, the McNeils are captured and placed under one of the state's execution domes, but the couple, along with the baby, manage to escape by digging into the underground, making their way through darkened tunnels in a raft to a remote island where there is no visible pollution; however the whole island may lay in a radioactive state.",set future earth become severely polluted people need wear breathing masks outside severe overpopulation affecting available resources permanent thick smog settled dismal cities cover earth s entire surface animals even common household pets extinct people eat tasteless bright colored paste plastic containers reduce world population world government decrees children may conceived years breaking law result death penalty parents well newborn brainwashing robot substitutes used end yearning children death penalty ultimate deterrent placed under plastic dome suffocated death couples child bearing age visit babyland given life size animatronic children instead russ oliver reed carol mcneil geraldine chaplin work museum recreating life th century carol desperate child conceives avoids abortion machine installed bathroom remain pregnant child birth couple must shield baby discovered once carol decides break law baby must avoid prying eyes big brother like government growing jealousy friends neighbors finding couple real child streets screaming baby baby until authorities show neighbours george don gordon edna borden diane cilento find baby initial offer conceal baby leads quickly trouble jealousy envy arises bordens want share baby car mcneils bordens begin fight baby bordens seek keep child themselves finally mcneils captured placed under state execution domes couple along baby manage escape digging underground making darkened tunnels raft remote island visible pollution whole island may lay radioactive state,sci-fi,drama
"Aru marries Muhib without the consent from any of the family. After marriage they go to Muhib's friend 's place. Muhib tries to manage a job for him while Aru's family thinks otherwise and the story turns into a new way.[5] The story revolves around the love-story of Muhib and Oru where both being together are not together. Muhib is brought up in his brother-in-law’s home with his sister. Muhib and his sister came from a rural family. His sister got married to an elite bourgeoisie man, who is too strict at his rules and too robotic, rather than humane. His sister and brother-in-law have one daughter named Sara. The family seems fine, yet lacks of love and affection. Muhib is always afraid of his brother-in-law who is fatherlike in rudeness, without any single affection. Being in love with Oru, Muhib married her without informing anyone all of a sudden. Oru’s family didn’t know as well. Just after their marriage, Muhib’s brother-in-law offered him a job out of the city. On his way, he had a terrible car accident which brought disaster to all and twisted the stream of all characters. Muhib’s sister, being shocked, for the first time, raised voice against her husband and insulted him about his non-human behaviour all through the life. On the other hand, Oru’s family already fixed a groom for Oru and they were unknown of Oru’s marriage with Muhib. However, in the end, when Oru was informed about the accident, she couldn’t help but reveal their secret marriage. At first it was thought that Oru’s marriage with Muhib should never be revealed as Oru must start a new life. But Oru, when heard the news, rushed to the hospital and desired to be Muhib’s wife forever waiting for his return from Coma.",aru marries muhib without consent any family marriage muhib friend place muhib manage job aru family thinks otherwise story turns story revolves around love story muhib oru together together muhib brought brother law s home sister muhib sister came rural family sister got married elite bourgeoisie too strict rules too robotic rather than humane sister brother law daughter named sara family seems fine yet lacks love affection muhib always afraid brother law fatherlike rudeness without any single affection love oru muhib married without informing anyone sudden oru s family didn t know well marriage muhib s brother law offered job city terrible car accident brought disaster twisted stream characters muhib s sister shocked time raised voice against husband insulted non human behaviour life hand oru s family already fixed groom oru were unknown oru s marriage muhib end oru informed accident couldn t reveal secret marriage thought oru s marriage muhib should never revealed oru must start life oru heard news rushed hospital desired muhib s wife forever waiting return coma,drama,romance
"Anil and Sunil are identical twin brothers. They have a friend named Meena who likes Sunil. As a child, Sunil gets separated from his family. None of the trio remembers the incident. Sunil is found by a man named Sahay, who renames him Vishnu. Vishnu Sahay (Dilip Kumar) grows up to become a reputed Judge. He has everything, money, fame, happiness and a seemingly devoted wife Mala (Bindu). However, he is blissfully unaware that Mala and his best friend Rajen (Prem Chopra) are having an affair behind his back. Meanwhile, Anil (also Dilip Kumar) has grown into a Don Juan. He is involved with a dancer and also flirts with Meena (Sharmila Tagore), who, however, wants nothing to do with him. One day, Anil accidentally kills a man and runs to Mussoorie to hide from the cops. Judge Vishnu Sahay comes to the same hotel as Anil. When Anil sees Vishnu, he observes that they look alike. If Vishnu's facial hair and spectacles are removed, even the police will have a hard time distinguishing between him and Anil. Vishnu does not realize this. Anil spikes Vishnu's coffee and knocks him out. After removing Vishnu's facial hair and glasses, he checks out of the hotel as Vishnu. However, his plan turns out to be disastrous as Vishnu's car suffers an accident, killing Anil on the spot. From the look of things, the police assume that Vishnu has died. Meanwhile, the real Vishnu is taken into custody as Anil after he gets up. He is, however, proved innocent in court. He sets out for home, expecting to surprise his wife. However, he is shocked to see that his wife and friend are celebrating his death. He learns of their adultery and leaves, distraught and dejected. Mala and Rajen are unaware of his return. Vishnu comes back to Anil's house. Meena recognizes that he is in fact Sunil, but he cannot remember anything. She is perplexed as to why he is not responding to her. Vishnu re-enters the lives of his wife and her lover as Anil, and befriends them. One day, he invites them to see a play staged by himself. Mala goes with Meena to watch the play where Rajen arrives at Anil's place to kill him for ruining his business. There he realizes the truth about Anil's identity as Vishnu reprimands him for being an unfaithful friend. Rajen realizes his mistake and asks for forgiveness from Vishnu who forgives him. Rajen leaves with guilt but falls to his death from the stairs. Mala, who is watching the play realizes everything and walks out of the play in horror. Vishnu follows her to his home, only to find Mala sitting calmly in a chair. He asks her to choose between death and the ignominy of living the rest of her life as an unfaithful wife. She says that she is guilty and no other woman like Mala should be born ever. She says that she has already made a choice and shows an empty poison bottle in her hand. She dies in front of Vishnu. Just then, a sad Meena comes from behind him and places a hand on his shoulder, indicating that she knows everything now.",anil sunil identical twin brothers friend named meena likes sunil child sunil separated family none trio remembers incident sunil found named sahay renames vishnu vishnu sahay dilip kumar grows become reputed judge everything money fame happiness seemingly devoted wife mala bindu blissfully unaware mala best friend rajen prem chopra affair behind anil dilip kumar grown don juan involved dancer flirts meena sharmila tagore wants nothing do day anil accidentally kills runs mussoorie hide cops judge vishnu sahay same hotel anil anil sees vishnu observes look alike vishnu facial hair spectacles removed even police hard time distinguishing anil vishnu realize anil spikes vishnu coffee knocks removing vishnu facial hair glasses checks hotel vishnu plan turns disastrous vishnu car suffers accident killing anil spot look things police assume vishnu died real vishnu taken custody anil proved innocent court sets home expecting surprise wife shocked see wife friend celebrating death learns adultery leaves distraught dejected mala rajen unaware return vishnu anil meena recognizes fact sunil cannot remember anything perplexed why responding vishnu re enters lives wife lover anil befriends day invites see play staged mala meena watch play rajen arrives anil place kill ruining business realizes truth anil identity vishnu reprimands unfaithful friend rajen realizes mistake forgiveness vishnu forgives rajen leaves guilt falls death stairs mala watching play realizes everything walks play horror vishnu follows home find mala sitting calmly chair choose death ignominy living rest life unfaithful wife says guilty woman like mala should born ever says already made choice shows empty poison bottle hand dies front vishnu sad meena behind places hand shoulder indicating knows everything,drama,romance
"In present day, two tour groups are simultaneously visiting a statue of Benjamin Franklin. The human tour group in front of the statue discusses Franklin's life and achievements, while the leader of a mouse tour group which is standing at the top of Franklin's hat reveals the contributions of a mouse named Amos to Franklin's career. In 1745, Amos, the eldest of twenty-six siblings living in the Christ Church in Philadelphia, decides to leave his family - thus relieving them of another mouse (mouth) to feed - and find work somewhere. After no luck, and while trying to take shelter from a freezing and snowy night, Amos befriends Benjamin Franklin in his printing shop. Eventually Amos aids in Franklin's publishing, inventing, and political career. Amongst Amos' contributions were making bifocals, inspiring Franklin to build the Franklin stove and suggesting how to fix a major problem with it, and encouraging Franklin to print an event-oriented newspaper which Amos names the Pennsylvania Gazette. After Ben's experiments with electricity endanger Amos' life, especially in Ben's kite experiment, Amos leaves Ben, ignoring Ben's pleas for him to return, and moves back in with his family. Years later, Franklin is sent to England as part of a colonial attempt to reason with the king. But the mission is a failure. Franklin tells the crowd when he gets off a boat that The King was unreasonable. He wouldn't listen. Amos, hearing this and seeing the confusion and anger of the colonists—realises that he could help, but he initially refuses. Amos and Franklin finally resolve their disagreements in the midst of the American Revolution, and Amos and Franklin play a key role aiding Thomas Jefferson with the drafting of the United States Declaration of Independence.",present day tour groups simultaneously visiting statue benjamin franklin human tour group front statue discusses franklin life achievements leader mouse tour group standing top franklin hat reveals contributions mouse named amos franklin career amos eldest twenty six siblings living christ church philadelphia decides leave family thus relieving mouse mouth feed find work somewhere luck trying shelter freezing snowy night amos befriends benjamin franklin printing shop amos aids franklin publishing inventing political career amongst amos contributions were making bifocals inspiring franklin build franklin stove suggesting how fix major problem encouraging franklin print event oriented newspaper amos names pennsylvania gazette ben experiments electricity endanger amos life especially ben kite experiment amos leaves ben ignoring ben pleas return moves family years franklin sent england part colonial attempt reason king mission failure franklin crowd boat king unreasonable would listen amos hearing seeing confusion anger colonists realises could initially refuses amos franklin finally resolve disagreements midst american revolution amos franklin play key role aiding thomas jefferson drafting united states declaration independence,animation,drama
"The inhabitants of the isolated Scottish island of Todday in the Outer Hebrides are largely unaffected by wartime rationing, until the supply of whisky runs out in 1943. Then gloom descends on the disconsolate natives. In the midst of this catastrophe, Sergeant Odd returns on leave to court Peggy, the daughter of the local shopkeeper Joseph Macroon. Meanwhile, Macroon's other daughter, Catriona, has just become engaged to a meek schoolteacher, George Campbell, although his stern, domineering mother refuses to give her approval. During a storm, the freighter S.S. Cabinet Minister runs aground near Todday in heavy fog late one night and begins to sink. Two local inhabitants, the Biffer and Sammy MacCodrun, row out to investigate and learn from its departing crew that the cargo consists of 50,000 cases of whisky. Captain Waggett, the stuffy English commander of the local Home Guard, orders Odd to guard the cargo, but Macroon casually remarks that, by long-standing custom, a man cannot marry without hosting a rèiteach in which whisky must be served. Taking the hint, the sergeant allows himself to be overpowered, and the locals manage to offload a large number of cases before the ship goes down. Campbell had been sent to his room by his mother for a prior transgression, but is persuaded to leave and assist with the salvage by MacCodrun. This proves fortunate, as Campbell rescues the Biffer when he is trapped in the sinking freighter. The whisky also fortifies the teetotal Campbell's courage enough so he can stand up to his mother regarding Catriona. A battle of wits ensues between Waggett, who wants to confiscate the salvaged cargo, and the islanders. Waggett brings in Macroon's old Customs and Excise nemesis, Mr. Farquharson, and his men to search for the whisky, but the forewarned islanders manage to hide the bottles in various ingenious places, including ammunition cases which Waggett ships off-island. When this is discovered, Waggett is recalled to the mainland to explain himself, leaving the locals triumphant.",inhabitants isolated scottish island todday outer hebrides largely unaffected wartime rationing until supply whisky runs gloom descends disconsolate natives midst catastrophe sergeant odd returns leave court peggy daughter local shopkeeper joseph macroon macroon daughter catriona become engaged meek schoolteacher george campbell although stern domineering mother refuses give approval storm freighter s s cabinet minister runs aground near todday heavy fog late night sink local inhabitants biffer sammy maccodrun row investigate learn departing crew cargo consists cases whisky captain waggett stuffy english commander local home guard orders odd guard cargo macroon casually remarks long standing custom cannot marry without hosting r iteach whisky must served taking hint sergeant allows overpowered locals manage offload large number cases ship campbell sent room mother prior transgression persuaded leave assist salvage maccodrun proves fortunate campbell rescues biffer trapped sinking freighter whisky fortifies teetotal campbell courage enough stand mother regarding catriona battle wits ensues waggett wants confiscate salvaged cargo islanders waggett brings macroon old customs excise nemesis mr farquharson men search whisky forewarned islanders manage hide bottles various ingenious places including ammunition cases waggett ships island discovered waggett recalled mainland explain leaving locals triumphant,comedy,drama
"In Paris during 1890, 104-year-old Georges Bonnet (Diffring) is a sculptor who maintains a youthful appearance by regularly committing murder and using his victims’ parathyroid glands as an elixir to ward off the signs of age. When Bonnet requires a vital surgery to be undertaken he asks his old colleague Prof. Ludwig Weiss (Arnold Marlé) to perform it. He declines and Bonnet then blackmails Pierre Gerard (Lee) into performing the operation by endangering the life of Janine Dubois (Hazel Court), a young lady in whom both Bonnet and Gerard are romantically interested.",paris year old georges bonnet diffring sculptor maintains youthful appearance regularly committing murder using victims parathyroid glands elixir ward signs age bonnet requires vital surgery undertaken old colleague prof ludwig weiss arnold marl perform declines bonnet blackmails pierre gerard lee performing operation endangering life janine dubois hazel court young lady whom bonnet gerard romantically interested,horror,drama
"Based on the popular BBC children's series, this film charts the adventures of the Wombles, a colony of small litter-picking creatures who live in Wimbledon Common in 1970s London, England, United Kingdom. The film begins with Great Uncle Bulgaria Womble telling the story of how Wombles have always been cleaning up after humans from the very beginning with Adam and Eve, and how Wombles continue to clean up after humans for generations up to the present day all around the world, including the United States, Russia, and India. Only seen by those who believe in them, their work goes largely unnoticed until a young girl, Kim, spots them and their worthwhile purpose. As she invites them to her birthday party, her father is forced to believe as he comes face to face with Orinoco, Tobermory and the rest. A public meeting is set to prove to the local population that the Wombles do exist and should be aided in their anti-rubbish campaign. But on the day in question, a storm breaks out over the Common. At the end, Kim, Wombles and all the kids helped them cleaning up from Wimbledon Common.",based popular bbc children series film charts adventures wombles colony small litter picking creatures live wimbledon common s london england united kingdom film great uncle bulgaria womble telling story how wombles always cleaning humans very beginning adam eve how wombles continue clean humans generations present day around world including united states russia india seen those believe work largely unnoticed until young girl kim spots worthwhile purpose invites birthday party forced believe face face orinoco tobermory rest public meeting set prove local population wombles do exist should aided anti rubbish campaign day question storm breaks common end kim wombles kids helped cleaning wimbledon common,animation,drama
"Johnny Van Owen is a rapper who drifts from city to city. Johnny is performing at a nightclub, rapping and dancing with his crew and a club background songstress playing Cool as Ice (Everybody Get Loose). While the group passes through a small town, Johnny falls for honor student Kathy Winslow. The crew is stranded in the town after a member's motorcycle breaks down and has to be left at a local repair shop. While waiting for repairs, Johnny uses the opportunity to see Kathy. She already has a boyfriend named Nick, whom he advises Kathy to dump. Johnny shows up with his crew at a local club frequented by Kathy and her friends. Noticing that no one was enjoying the live music playing at the club, Johnny and the crew decide to perform a musical number, People's Choice, by unplugging the other band's instruments and taking control, shocking the audience and ending with Johnny sweeping Kathy off her feet, humiliating Nick. He offers to forgive Kathy and take her home, but she refuses and walks home by herself. Unbeknownst to Kathy, she is stalked by two strange men in a car. She is saved by Johnny, who takes her home. At the club's parking lot, a jealous Nick and his friends smash up motorcycles belonging to Johnny's friends. Nick's friends attack the rapping biker who fights back, leaving Nick and his buddies unconscious and Nick himself in the hospital with a broken nose. Kathy's father, Gordon, becomes suspicious of Johnny, and warns Kathy to stay away from him because they can't trust strangers. The next day, Kathy goes for a ride with Johnny against her father's wishes. They ride all over town, including a construction site. When they finally return home, they are greeted by an angry Gordon, who coldly warns Johnny to stay away from his daughter. Gordon, under pressure from his wife Grace, reveals to Kathy the secret of his past—he was once a police officer. They were on the run from two corrupt cops and were able to escape using fabricated documents, explaining why he kept his life a secret from Kathy all these years. Kathy criticizes her father, saying it was not fair that he lied to her in order to protect her, yet refuse to permit her to see a total stranger. The next day, Johnny agrees to give Tommy a ride on his bike. They cruise through the streets, and finally back to the Winslow home where Tommy is kidnapped. At the repair shop, the crew prepares to leave town since the bike has been repaired, but they tell Johnny to say goodbye to Kathy. When Johnny arrives at the Winslow house, he finds an envelope meant for the family. It turns out to be a message from the crooked cops with Tommy recording it. Fearing the worst, Gordon accuses Johnny of criminal involvement, much to Kathy's dismay. When Kathy asks Johnny to play the tape left behind by the kidnappers, he hears a loud clanging noise from a construction vehicle, revealing the message was recorded at the construction site. The gang ambushes the kidnappers and rescue Tommy. When the police arrive, the gang return Tommy to the Winslows, and Gordon apologizes to Johnny. The rapper tells Kathy he has to move on, but she decides to follow him. Nick arrives in his car, telling Kathy to get used to being a biker chick because she will never see him again. Kathy holds on as Johnny uses the car as a ramp and the two new lovers ride off into the big city. The film ends with Johnny reaching his destination, rapping Get Wit It and dancing with his crew to an audience at a night club. Kathy joins him on stage after the show is over, dancing alone in the spotlight.",johnny van owen rapper drifts city city johnny performing nightclub rapping dancing crew club background songstress playing cool ice everybody loose group passes small town johnny falls honor student kathy winslow crew stranded town member motorcycle breaks left local repair shop waiting repairs johnny uses opportunity see kathy already boyfriend named nick whom advises kathy dump johnny shows crew local club frequented kathy friends noticing enjoying live music playing club johnny crew decide perform musical number people choice unplugging band instruments taking control shocking audience ending johnny sweeping kathy feet humiliating nick offers forgive kathy home refuses walks home herself unbeknownst kathy stalked strange men car saved johnny home club parking lot jealous nick friends smash motorcycles belonging johnny friends nick friends attack rapping biker fights leaving nick buddies unconscious nick hospital broken nose kathy gordon suspicious johnny warns kathy stay trust strangers day kathy ride johnny against wishes ride town including construction site finally return home greeted angry gordon coldly warns johnny stay daughter gordon under pressure wife grace reveals kathy secret past once police officer were run corrupt cops were able escape using fabricated documents explaining why kept life secret kathy these years kathy criticizes saying fair lied order protect yet refuse permit see total stranger day johnny agrees give tommy ride bike cruise streets finally winslow home tommy kidnapped repair shop crew prepares leave town since bike repaired tell johnny say goodbye kathy johnny arrives winslow envelope meant family turns message crooked cops tommy recording fearing worst gordon accuses johnny criminal involvement much kathy dismay kathy johnny play tape left behind kidnappers hears loud clanging noise construction vehicle revealing message recorded construction site gang ambushes kidnappers rescue tommy police arrive gang return tommy winslows gordon apologizes johnny rapper kathy move decides follow nick arrives car telling kathy used biker chick never see kathy holds johnny uses car ramp lovers ride big city film ends johnny reaching destination rapping wit dancing crew audience night club kathy joins stage show dancing alone spotlight,drama,comedy
"An aircraft carrying 24 young American military school cadet boys returning home crash lands into the sea near a remote, uninhabited, jungle island in the Pacific Ocean. The pilot of the plane Captain Benson (Michael Greene), the only adult survivor, is seriously injured and delirious. All of the survivors arrive on the island. During the night, Simon, the most independent cadet, finds a river and notifies the other boys, to which they all drink out of it and explore the island afterwards. Meanwhile, on the beach, an overweight cadet with glasses who is only known by his nickname Piggy, finds a seashell and takes it to the grouped cadets, who adopt it to signal the right to speak and be heard by the group. The senior cadet, and one of the elder boys, Cadet Colonel Ralph, organizes a meeting to discuss surviving their predicament. Ralph and another of the older boys, Jack, emerge dominant, and an impromptu election is held to determine an official leader for the group. Ralph is declared the winner. They start a fire using Piggy's glasses to try and alert any passing craft. Things go smoothly for a while, but tensions soon begin to grow between Ralph and Jack. One night, as they sleep, the delusional Captain Benson wanders away from the boys and into the jungle, eventually making his way to a cave deep inland. Jack brings all of his hunters to hunt in the jungle, leaving no one watching the fire. The fire goes out, preventing a passing helicopter from noticing them. Ralph blames Jack for failing to keep it going. During the ensuing fight, Jack, tired of listening to Ralph and Piggy, leaves and forms his own camp, taking many of the boys with him. As more and more boys defect to Jack's side, one of the younger boys, Larry, finds Captain Benson in the cave, mistakes him for a monster and stabs him, and then tells the other boys. Jack and his second-in-command Roger (Gary Rule) then go to the cave's entrance and mistakes Captain Benson's dying groans for the sounds of a monster. One night, Jack and his savages steal a knife from Ralph so they can make more spears, but accidentally trample on Piggy's glasses in the process, breaking one lens. Expecting to be rescued, Ralph's civilized leadership establishes a permanent signal-fire to alert passing ships of their presence on the island. Not expecting or wanting to be rescued, Jack's savage leadership adapts to circumstance; he establishes his camp as spear-bearing hunters who provide meat for both camps. They kill a Wild pig and leave its head as an offering to the monster that they believe is in the cave. Eventually, identical twins Sam and Eric (Andrew Taft and Edward Taft), two of Ralph's friends, leave him to join Jack's tribe, leaving Ralph with only Piggy and Simon left. Meanwhile, Simon finds the pig's head on the stick. He then uses a glow stick to explore the cave and discovers the corpse of Capt. Benson. Simon realizes Capt. Benson was what the boys thought was the monster and runs to the beach in an attempt to alert the boys of his discovery, but his waving of the glow stick frightens the other boys, who mistake him for the monster and stab him to death with their spears. The following morning, Ralph blames himself and Piggy for not stopping the hunters from killing Simon. Meanwhile, Jack tells his gang that the monster can come in any different form. After Piggy's glasses are stolen by Jack's savages that night so they could make fire, Piggy and Ralph travel to Jack's camp at Castle Rock, attempting to call a meeting using the conch. Piggy insists that everyone be sensible and work together, but Jack's savages refuse to listen. As Piggy speaks, Roger pushes a boulder off a cliff which lands on and kills Piggy. Ralph swears revenge on Jack, and Jack takes it as a threat. With his hunters, Jack drives Ralph away by throwing rocks at him. Later that night, Ralph secretly returns to Castle Rock to visit Sam and Eric, who warn him that the hunters will chase after Ralph on Jack's orders to protect himself from Ralph. The following morning, Jack and his hunters begin setting the jungle on fire to force Ralph out of hiding and kill him. Just barely dodging the spreading fire and Jack's hunters, Ralph makes a desperate run to the sea. He falls onto the beach, where he encounters a U.S. Marine Corps officer who has just landed on the island after having seen the fire that engulfed much of the island. The officer then asks What are you guys doing? as Ralph breaks down in tears. All the hunters, especially Jack and Roger, are scared at what will happen to them for killing Simon and Piggy and their failed attempt to kill Ralph as more Marines show up.",aircraft carrying young american military school cadet boys returning home crash lands sea near remote uninhabited jungle island pacific ocean pilot plane captain benson michael greene adult survivor seriously injured delirious survivors arrive island night simon most independent cadet river notifies boys drink explore island afterwards beach overweight cadet glasses known nickname piggy seashell grouped cadets adopt signal right speak heard group senior cadet elder boys cadet colonel ralph organizes meeting discuss surviving predicament ralph older boys jack emerge dominant impromptu election held determine official leader group ralph declared winner start fire using piggy glasses try alert any passing craft things smoothly tensions begin grow ralph jack night sleep delusional captain benson wanders boys jungle making cave deep inland jack brings hunters hunt jungle leaving watching fire fire preventing passing helicopter noticing ralph blames jack failing keep going ensuing fight jack tired listening ralph piggy leaves forms camp taking many boys boys defect jack side younger boys larry captain benson cave mistakes monster stabs boys jack second command roger gary rule cave entrance mistakes captain benson dying groans sounds monster night jack savages steal knife ralph spears accidentally trample piggy glasses process breaking lens expecting rescued ralph civilized leadership establishes permanent signal fire alert passing ships presence island expecting or wanting rescued jack savage leadership adapts circumstance establishes camp spear bearing hunters provide meat camps kill wild pig leave head offering monster believe cave identical twins sam eric andrew taft edward taft ralph friends leave join jack tribe leaving ralph piggy simon left simon pig head stick uses glow stick explore cave discovers corpse capt benson simon realizes capt benson boys thought monster runs beach attempt alert boys discovery waving glow stick frightens boys mistake monster stab death spears following morning ralph blames piggy stopping hunters killing simon jack gang monster any different form piggy glasses stolen jack savages night could fire piggy ralph travel jack camp castle rock attempting call meeting using conch piggy insists everyone sensible work together jack savages refuse listen piggy speaks roger pushes boulder cliff lands kills piggy ralph swears revenge jack jack threat hunters jack drives ralph throwing rocks night ralph secretly returns castle rock visit sam eric warn hunters chase ralph jack orders protect ralph following morning jack hunters begin setting jungle fire force ralph hiding kill barely dodging spreading fire jack hunters ralph makes desperate run sea falls onto beach encounters u s marine corps officer landed island seen fire engulfed much island officer you guys doing ralph breaks tears hunters especially jack roger scared happen killing simon piggy failed attempt kill ralph marines show,drama,horror
"Amar Saxena (Govinda) is a businessman, and the Managing Director of prestigious Khaitan Fans Ltd., India. One day while leaving from a board meeting, he meets a beggar named Jagmohan, who calls him Rohit, and asks him to return home to his ill wife, Seema. Amar denies being Rohit, but feels sorry for him and gives him some money, which Jagmohan declines to accept. Curious at his refusal, Amar offers to help. He visits the hospital and gets to meet Seema, and ends up falling in love with her. What he does not know that Jagmohan and Seema are plainclothes police officers, who have been assigned to arrest him for the murder of Ram Kumar Saxena, Amar's uncle. Using his wits, Amar manages to convince the court that he is of unsound mind, and thus escapes being imprisoned, and ends up in an asylum. From here, Amar must figure out who has framed him for a murder he did not commit, and why Seema and Jagmohan were so intent to incriminate him.",amar saxena govinda businessman managing director prestigious khaitan fans ltd india day leaving board meeting meets beggar named jagmohan calls rohit return home ill wife seema amar denies rohit feels sorry gives money jagmohan declines accept curious refusal amar offers visits hospital meet seema ends falling love know jagmohan seema plainclothes police officers assigned arrest murder ram kumar saxena amar uncle using wits amar manages convince court unsound mind thus escapes imprisoned ends asylum here amar must figure framed murder did commit why seema jagmohan were intent incriminate,drama,romance
"Although well qualified, Ram Chand (Amitabh Bachchan) is unable to obtain suitable employment, and works as a peon in an organization. One day, he meets with Ravi Chand, who is on the verge of committing suicide, he counsels him against this, as well as permitting him to live with him. Ravi gets employed in the same office as Ram, albeit as a Manager, and falls in love and marries a co-worker named Lata (Farida Jalal). Ram's parents would like him to get married too, and he goes to see them and meets his bride-to-be, Kusum Sharma (Tanuja). Ram sends a photograph of Kusum for approval to Ravi and Lata, and is disappointed to learn that Ravi does not approve of Kusum. When Ram attempts to find out the reason behind his disapproval, Ravi gives very elusive responses, and Ram takes it upon himself to find out why Ravi disapproves of Kusum so much. It is then Ram will come to know of the shocking truth behind the relationship between Kusum and Ravi, and about Kusum's reputation.",although well qualified ram chand amitabh bachchan unable obtain suitable employment works peon organization day meets ravi chand verge committing suicide counsels against well permitting live ravi employed same office ram albeit manager falls love marries co worker named lata farida jalal ram parents would like married too see meets bride kusum sharma tanuja ram sends photograph kusum approval ravi lata disappointed learn ravi approve kusum ram attempts find reason behind disapproval ravi gives very elusive responses ram upon find why ravi disapproves kusum much ram know shocking truth behind relationship kusum ravi kusum reputation,drama,romance
"Sara Johnson, a promising dancer in high school in suburban Chicago, hopes to be admitted to study at Juilliard School and invites her mother to attend the audition. She fails the audition and soon learns that her mother was involved in a fatal car accident in her haste to get to the audition. Sara is wracked by guilt and gives up on ballet. She moves in with her father and transfers to an urban Chicago school. Her father is a jazz musician who plays the trumpet and usually plays in nightclubs. At her new school, Sara is one of a handful of white students but quickly befriends Chenille, a single teen mother who is having relationship problems. Chenille invites Sara to a dance club called STEPPS, where she has her first experience of dancing to hip hop rhythms. At STEPPS, Sara dances with Derek, Chenille's brother and a student with dreams of ultimately attending Georgetown Medical School. He decides to help Sara develop her dancing skills by incorporating more hip hop into her style. Derek takes a reluctant Sara to the Joffrey Ballet and, afterwards, Sara confides in him about her mother and her dreams. Later, they return to the club and amaze others with their dancing. Having achieved his dream of being accepted at Georgetown University, Derek convinces her to follow her dreams of Juilliard. Eventually, Sara and Derek begin a relationship. At school, Nikki, Derek's jealous ex-girlfriend, picks a fight with Sara. Chenille tells Sara that she didn't approve of the fight but can understand the bitterness since Sara, a white girl, is seen as stealing one of the few decent black men in the school. Because of this conversation, Sara breaks up with Derek. Meanwhile, Derek deals with his friend Malakai, who is heavily into the gang lifestyle that Derek is trying to leave. Derek accepts Malakai's plea for support in a drive-by for the same time as Sara's audition. Sara's father has a heart-to-heart talk with her and encourages her to audition for Juilliard again. After hearing what Chenille told Sara, Derek confronts her and admitted his true reasons for dumping Nikki. She admits what she did was wrong and encourages him to be with Sara. Chenille also warns Derek not to support Malakai knowing the consequences and he will lose his chance to attend Georgetown. Derek turns his back on Malakai to attend Sara's audition. He arrives at a crucial point of her performance to offer her encouragement and moral support. After her audition, Sara is accepted and she rekindles her relationship with Derek. Meanwhile, the drive-by becomes botched and Malakai is arrested. The film closes as Sara, Derek, Chenille, and their friends meet at STEPPS to celebrate Sara's successful audition.",sara johnson promising dancer high school suburban chicago hopes admitted study juilliard school invites mother attend audition fails audition learns mother involved fatal car accident haste audition sara wracked guilt gives ballet moves transfers urban chicago school jazz musician plays trumpet usually plays nightclubs school sara handful white students quickly befriends chenille single teen mother relationship problems chenille invites sara dance club called stepps experience dancing hip hop rhythms stepps sara dances derek chenille brother student dreams ultimately attending georgetown medical school decides sara develop dancing skills incorporating hip hop style derek reluctant sara joffrey ballet afterwards sara confides mother dreams return club amaze others dancing achieved dream accepted georgetown university derek convinces follow dreams juilliard sara derek begin relationship school nikki derek jealous ex girlfriend picks fight sara chenille sara did approve fight understand bitterness since sara white girl seen stealing few decent black men school conversation sara breaks derek derek deals friend malakai heavily gang lifestyle derek trying leave derek accepts malakai plea support drive same time sara audition sara heart heart talk encourages audition juilliard hearing chenille told sara derek confronts admitted true reasons dumping nikki admits did wrong encourages sara chenille warns derek support malakai knowing consequences lose chance attend georgetown derek turns malakai attend sara audition arrives crucial point performance offer encouragement moral support audition sara accepted rekindles relationship derek drive botched malakai arrested film closes sara derek chenille friends meet stepps celebrate sara successful audition,romance,drama
"Robins plays bumbling mad scientist Nathaniel Pickman Wingate, of the Miskatonic University. He works on opening a portal to another dimension while his wife, Nancy (Laura O'Malley) and family prepare his fiftieth birthday party. When he succeeds with contact with the new dimension, two triops-like creatures escape. These creatures possess shape-shifting abilities that allows them to assume the form and identity of anything, and thusly do so with Nancy's cousin, Count Desmon (Christopher Gasti) of Liechtenstein and Jasmine, a model from son Sam's (Dan Evans) poster (Dru-Anne Cakmis). Jasmine and Desmon are shown to be polar behavioral opposites. Jasmine is friendly and intelligent. Via her telepathic abilities she quickly becomes Sam's girlfriend. Desmon on the other hand is ill-behaved, surly, and mischievously malevolent. His mischievous personality drives him to pull terrible tricks on Sam's family via his powers—for example, Lindy (Allison Rachel Golde) overuses the phone, so Desmon stuffs the receiver in her mouth, causing her to go to the ER to have it extracted. Handyman Floyd (Chuck Bartelle) is hurt by some cut wires a vindictive Desmon moves with psychokinesis giving him a severe electric shock. Suffering difficulties in retaining his new body, Desmon frightens off the maid Emma (Lynn Applebaum) when he tries to seduce her. Reverend Lawrence Newman (David Allan Shaw), Nathan's college roommate, tries some bedroom antics with Nathan's sister, Angelica (Kate Alexander); Desmon, clinging to the ceiling above them, uses his powers to transform Lawrence's penis into a dragon-like creature that attacks him. Sam, Jasmine and Sam's best friend, Alex (Andrew Ross Litzky) run to get coolant supplies from the university, which are necessary to prevent an explosion that will destroy half the planet. Jasmine is concerned with doing anything she can to stop Desmon and get back to their own dimension. She spends time, though, with Sam in a '50s-style malt shop, sharing a milkshake with two straws.",robins plays bumbling mad scientist nathaniel pickman wingate miskatonic university works opening portal dimension wife nancy laura o malley family prepare fiftieth birthday party succeeds contact dimension triops like creatures escape these creatures possess shape shifting abilities allows assume form identity anything thusly do nancy cousin count desmon christopher gasti liechtenstein jasmine model son sam dan evans poster dru anne cakmis jasmine desmon shown polar behavioral opposites jasmine friendly intelligent via telepathic abilities quickly sam girlfriend desmon hand ill behaved surly mischievously malevolent mischievous personality drives pull terrible tricks sam family via powers example lindy allison rachel golde overuses phone desmon stuffs receiver mouth causing er extracted handyman floyd chuck bartelle hurt cut wires vindictive desmon moves psychokinesis giving severe electric shock suffering difficulties retaining body desmon frightens maid emma lynn applebaum seduce reverend lawrence newman david allan shaw nathan college roommate bedroom antics nathan sister angelica kate alexander desmon clinging ceiling above uses powers transform lawrence penis dragon like creature attacks sam jasmine sam best friend alex andrew ross litzky run coolant supplies university necessary prevent explosion destroy half planet jasmine concerned doing anything stop desmon dimension spends time though sam s style malt shop sharing milkshake straws,drama,horror
"Spix's Macaws Blu and Jewel and their three children—Bia, Carla, and Tiago—are living happily in the city until Jewel realizes that her children are becoming more like humans. Meanwhile, Blu's former owner, Linda Gunderson and her ornithologist husband, Tulio are on an expedition in the Amazon and, after a fall down a waterfall, discover a quick-flying Spix's macaw that loses one of its feathers. When word gets out about this through television, Jewel believes that they should go to the Amazon to help find the blue macaws. While the kids are ecstatic, Blu is uncertain, but he is pressured into going along. Rafael, Nico and Pedro decide to come along. Luiz attempts to follow but fails. Blu brings a fanny pack full of supplies, one of which he uses mostly is a GPS, much to Jewel's displeasure. Meanwhile, the leader of a group in a line of illegal logging named Big Boss, discovers Linda and Tulio's expedition to find the macaws and orders his henchmen to hunt them down to avoid disruptions to their work. Also, Blu and Jewel's old nemesis, Nigel the cockatoo, has survived the plane crash from the first film, but he is now unable to fly and is working as a fortune teller/con artist. When he sees Blu and his family flying overhead, he immediately decides to seek revenge on them. He enlists two minions to help him in his plans; a silent anteater named Charlie and a poison dart frog named Gabi, who is in love with Nigel. Blu and his family use a boat to get to the jungle (with Nigel's first plan of revenge being inadvertently foiled by Charlie); and when they arrive, they find nothing. However, they are eventually taken to a flock of blue macaws that are hiding in a secret paradise land. There, they meet Jewel's stern long-lost father, Eduardo, his older sister Mimi, and Jewel's childhood friend, Roberto. Eduardo seems unimpressed with Blu's domesticated human behavior. While searching for the macaws, Linda and Tulio are eventually trapped by the loggers. Meanwhile, Blu does his best to fit in with the flock, as his family and friends are doing, although the flock (especially Eduardo) are against humans and all things human. Meanwhile, a disguised Nigel plans to kill Blu at the new Carnival show after landing in an audition hosted by Rafael, Nico, Pedro, and Carla. When Blu tries to pick a Brazilian nut for Jewel, he accidentally tries to get it in the territory of the Spix macaw's enemies, the scarlet macaws, led by the hostile Felipe. Blu inadvertently causes war between the two tribes for food when he accidentally hits Felipe with a twig. The war turns out to be just like football (soccer), and Blu accidentally costs the flock the food when he scores an own goal. Blu visits Tulio and Linda's site, where he discovers that it has been majorly disturbed. After discovering the loggers are destroying the jungle, Blu sends Roberto (who followed Blu) to warn the flock as he saves Linda and Tulio. Blu persuades the macaws to defend their homes, and they easily outmatch the loggers with help from the scarlet macaws and the other animals. Big Boss tries to blow up the trees as a back-up plan, but Blu steals the lit dynamite. Nigel goes after Blu, and reveals himself as they are falling down when he tugs on the dynamite. After the dynamite goes off, Blu and Nigel engage in a battle while tangled in vines. Gabi and Charlie try to help Nigel by shooting Blu with a dart that has Gabi's poison on it, but it accidentally hits Nigel, who gives a Shakespearean death speech before seemingly dying. Gabi, in a Romeo and Juliet-style, tries to commit suicide by drinking her own poison and the pair are seemingly dead. However, Bia reveals that Gabi isn't poisonous at all (she was lied to by her parents that she was). Nigel tries to attack Blu one last time, but Gabi showers Nigel with affection against his will. Meanwhile, Big Boss is eaten by a boa constrictor he encountered. With the flock now under Linda and Tulio's protection, Blu and Jewel decide to live in the Amazon with their kids and friends, though still agreeing to visit Rio in the summer. Meanwhile, Nigel and Gabi are captured by Tulio, and are both sent back to Rio. Luiz finally arrives in the Amazon after hitching a ride with Kipo, and Charlie joins the birds' party.",spix macaws blu jewel three children bia carla tiago living happily city until jewel realizes children becoming like humans blu former owner linda gunderson ornithologist husband tulio expedition amazon fall waterfall discover quick flying spix macaw loses feathers word television jewel believes should amazon find blue macaws kids ecstatic blu uncertain pressured going along rafael nico pedro decide along luiz attempts follow fails blu brings fanny pack full supplies uses mostly gps much jewel displeasure leader group line illegal logging named big boss discovers linda tulio expedition find macaws orders henchmen hunt avoid disruptions work blu jewel old nemesis nigel cockatoo survived plane crash film unable fly working fortune teller con artist sees blu family flying overhead immediately decides seek revenge enlists minions plans silent anteater named charlie poison dart frog named gabi love nigel blu family use boat jungle nigel plan revenge inadvertently foiled charlie arrive find nothing taken flock blue macaws hiding secret paradise land meet jewel stern long lost eduardo older sister mimi jewel childhood friend roberto eduardo seems unimpressed blu domesticated human behavior searching macaws linda tulio trapped loggers blu best fit flock family friends doing although flock especially eduardo against humans things human disguised nigel plans kill blu carnival show landing audition hosted rafael nico pedro carla blu pick brazilian nut jewel accidentally territory spix macaw enemies scarlet macaws led hostile felipe blu inadvertently causes war tribes food accidentally hits felipe twig war turns like football soccer blu accidentally costs flock food scores goal blu visits tulio linda site discovers majorly disturbed discovering loggers destroying jungle blu sends roberto followed blu warn flock saves linda tulio blu persuades macaws defend homes easily outmatch loggers scarlet macaws animals big boss blow trees plan blu steals lit dynamite nigel blu reveals falling tugs dynamite dynamite blu nigel engage battle tangled vines gabi charlie try nigel shooting blu dart gabi poison accidentally hits nigel gives shakespearean death speech seemingly dying gabi romeo juliet style commit suicide drinking poison pair seemingly dead bia reveals gabi poisonous lied parents nigel attack blu last time gabi showers nigel affection against big boss eaten boa constrictor encountered flock under linda tulio protection blu jewel decide live amazon kids friends though agreeing visit rio summer nigel gabi captured tulio sent rio luiz finally arrives amazon hitching ride kipo charlie joins birds party,animation,comedy
"The story revolves around sequential incidents of a serial-psycho killings of married women of high class societies, suffering from the obsession of lust and sexual perversion. The case comes to limelight when Noyonika Choudhury, elder daughter-in-law of Minister Sayan Choudhury was brutally murdered. Forensic and postmortem reports revealed her sexual involvement with the culprit prior to murder. The case was then taken over by the Senior Officer (Debesh Roy Choudhury) of Special Branch of Kolkata Police assisted by his group of three officers- Sanjib (Manojit), Zinia (Anasuya) and Sharmi (Sutanuka). The officials remained perplexed about the motive only to discover the sequential gap of two days between each murder and that all the victims were married, belonging to high society and were sexually perverted. They also found names of all the victims starting with the initial “N”. Finally, after a long round of hide and seek game of crime and love-birds (Sanjib and Zinia), the culprit, Bickramjit Sinha Roy (Arindam) gets trapped and confesses the infidelity of his beloved wife Nibedita as the motive behind such brutality. The confession reveals the tragedy of Bickramjit, infected with HIV positive which was carried to him by his wife, who while his husband was away got sexually involved with an infected sexmate.",story revolves around sequential incidents serial psycho killings married women high class societies suffering obsession lust sexual perversion case limelight noyonika choudhury elder daughter law minister sayan choudhury brutally murdered forensic postmortem reports revealed sexual involvement culprit prior murder case taken senior officer debesh roy choudhury special branch kolkata police assisted group three officers sanjib manojit zinia anasuya sharmi sutanuka officials remained perplexed motive discover sequential gap days each murder victims were married belonging high society were sexually perverted found names victims starting initial n finally long round hide seek game crime love birds sanjib zinia culprit bickramjit sinha roy arindam trapped confesses infidelity beloved wife nibedita motive behind such brutality confession reveals tragedy bickramjit infected hiv positive carried wife husband got sexually involved infected sexmate,romance,drama
"The film is set on 27 Down, the Bombay-Varanasi Express, Sanjay (M.K. Raina) is on a pilgrimage journey to Varanasi (Banaras), and remembers his life in flashbacks.[6] Sanjay gives up his dreams to become an artist, in order to support his family he takes up his father's profession of railways employee. He spends his days as a railways ticket checker, till he meets a Life Insurance Corporation employee, Shalini (Raakhee), on the suburban train. After a few more meetings, they fall in love, and Sanjay starts seeing life differently, but when his father finds about their relationship, he fixes his marriage with some other girl.[4][5][6]",film set bombay varanasi express sanjay m k raina pilgrimage journey varanasi banaras remembers life flashbacks sanjay gives dreams become artist order support family profession railways employee spends days railways ticket checker till meets life insurance corporation employee shalini raakhee suburban train few meetings fall love sanjay starts seeing life differently relationship fixes marriage girl,drama,romance
"Reynolds plays Caine, a gunrunner who becomes stranded in a small port in the Red Sea. He meets a seductive woman who propositions him to dive into shark-infested waters off the coast for scientific research. However, when Caine realizes the woman and her partner are actually treasure hunters, the action starts to heat up both above and below the water.",reynolds plays caine gunrunner stranded small port red sea meets seductive woman propositions dive shark infested waters coast scientific research caine realizes woman partner actually treasure hunters action starts heat above below water,action,animation
"While most of “But Always” takes place in New York City, the Chinese drama’s blend of sentimentality and romantic fatalism is very Asian. American viewers who aren’t Sino-cinema buffs might balk, but Snow Zou’s directorial debut does have a few noteworthy attributes: attractive stars, sun-dappled cinematography and an audacious payoff. Beijing tykes Anran and Yongyuan meet in 1982, when she transfers to his school. She’s wealthier than her ragged classmates, who regard her with suspicion. The school bully assigns Yongyuan to follow Anran, a role he happily accepts for the next 20 years. One sign of his devotion is that he can always recognize her footsteps. The kids bond, in part because both lost their mothers in the same earthquake. (His was a peasant; hers was a doctor.) But then Yongyuan’s guardian dies and his uncle takes him away. He’s not allowed to say goodbye to Anran, a pattern that recurs as one or the other repeatedly vanishes. A decade later, Yongyuan returns to Beijing and encounters Anran, now a teenage pre-med student. She’s grown up to be played by Chinese beauty Gao Yuanyuan (“Caught in the Web”), who in this movie always looks as if she’s just strolled out of a fashion spread. He’s now portrayed by Hong Kong action star Nicholas Tse (“The Bullet Vanishes”), who’s just as pretty as she is. The couple’s reunion is idyllic, then awkward, then idyllic again. But Yongyuan gets involved in some shady business to raise money for Anran’s post-graduate education. So when she’s ready to leave for Columbia University, he’s disappeared again. In Manhattan, Anran acquires a new boyfriend, a petulant painter called Michael (Qin Hao). She also works two part-time jobs in addition to her studies. (The movie is not subtle in suggesting that Beijing is now a better place to dwell than New York.) Yongyuan, who has gotten rich just so he can search for Anran, finds her through Michael’s paintings of her. This leads to another sweet, luminously photographed reunion. But the couple will be torn apart twice more, and the final rupture will make or break the movie for many viewers. It’s shamelessly contrived, but refreshingly outrageous. “But Always” seems modeled on Peter Chan’s more complex 1996 “Comrades, Almost a Love Story,” in which two mainland Chinese expats attract and repulse each other on journeys through Hong Kong and New York. Anyone who’s seen that movie will anticipate the final flashback in “But Always,” which makes the story’s melodramatic point one more time: Anran and Yongyuan are fated to be together as much as they are doomed to be apart.",most always place york city chinese drama s blend sentimentality romantic fatalism very asian american viewers aren t sino cinema buffs might balk snow zou s directorial debut few noteworthy attributes attractive stars sun dappled cinematography audacious payoff beijing tykes anran yongyuan meet transfers school s wealthier than ragged classmates regard suspicion school bully assigns yongyuan follow anran role happily accepts years sign devotion always recognize footsteps kids bond part lost mothers same earthquake peasant hers doctor yongyuan s guardian dies uncle s allowed say goodbye anran pattern recurs or repeatedly vanishes decade yongyuan returns beijing encounters anran teenage pre med student s grown played chinese beauty gao yuanyuan caught web movie always looks s strolled fashion spread s portrayed hong kong action star nicholas tse bullet vanishes s pretty couple s reunion idyllic awkward idyllic yongyuan involved shady business raise money anran s post graduate education s ready leave columbia university s disappeared manhattan anran acquires boyfriend petulant painter called michael qin hao works part time jobs addition studies movie subtle suggesting beijing better place dwell than york yongyuan gotten rich search anran michael s paintings leads sweet luminously photographed reunion couple torn apart twice final rupture or break movie many viewers s shamelessly contrived refreshingly outrageous always seems modeled peter chan s complex comrades almost love story mainland chinese expats attract repulse each journeys hong kong york anyone s seen movie anticipate final flashback always makes story s melodramatic point time anran yongyuan fated together much doomed apart,romance,drama
Toby Morris enters hospital to remove a cyst from his hand. He wakes up to find not only has the cyst been removed but he's been given a vasectomy. Toby develops a phobia against hospitals and becomes a Casanova. Then he finds that the vasectomy may not have worked after all.,toby morris enters hospital remove cyst hand wakes find cyst removed given vasectomy toby develops phobia against hospitals casanova vasectomy may worked,comedy,horror
"Jill Deverne is a chorus girl married to alcoholic composer Fred. She wants to show Fred's latest song, A Year From Today, to racketeer Joe Prividi. Prividi is the producer of the musical show in which she is working, and agrees to use his song. Fred, however, refuses any favors and rejects Prividi's offer. When Prividi uses the song anyway, Fred and his friend Johnny Dolan become drunk and show up at a nightclub. In a raid, the police discover Fred with chorus girl Ruthie. Jill is disgusted with his behavior and dumps him. She is soon courted by Prividi, who is very overprotective. At a private party, a gambler forces himself on her and is shot by Prividi. Prividi is arrested and sent to jail. Jill does not want to be left behind, and plans a future with Fred. Prividi becomes jealous and sends gunmen to shoot and kill Fred. He is eventually stopped and put in jail, while Jill and Fred ride off in a train to start a new life.",jill deverne chorus girl married alcoholic composer fred wants show fred latest song year today racketeer joe prividi prividi producer musical show working agrees use song fred refuses any favors rejects prividi offer prividi uses song anyway fred friend johnny dolan become drunk show nightclub raid police discover fred chorus girl ruthie jill disgusted behavior dumps courted prividi very overprotective private party gambler forces shot prividi prividi arrested sent jail jill want left behind plans future fred prividi jealous sends gunmen shoot kill fred stopped put jail jill fred ride train start life,crime,comedy
"Marisa Ventura is a single mother trying to get by with her 10-year-old young son Ty by working as a maid for The Beresford Hotel in the heart of Manhattan. When not in school, Ty spends time among Marisa’s fellow hotel workers, who think she is capable of being promoted to management. While Marisa and fellow maid Stephanie are cleaning the room of socialite Caroline Lane, Stephanie convinces Marisa to try on a designer Dolce & Gabbana coat. Lane had previously asked for it to be returned to the store and Stephanie argues that it “technically” doesn’t belong to anyone at the moment. Elsewhere in the hotel, Ty befriends hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall, whom Ty learns has an interest in Richard Nixon, the subject of his school presentation. Ty wants to go with Chris to walk his dog and the pair go to Caroline Lane’s room to ask Marisa for permission. Chris meets Marisa who is wearing the designer coat, and is instantly smitten with her. He assumes that she is Caroline Lane. The trio spend some time together in the park. Though Marisa and Chris are attracted to each other, Marisa is terrified that management will find out about the ruse and makes it a point to avoid Chris afterwards. Chris asks the hotel’s head butler Lionel Bloch to invite “Caroline Lane” to lunch, but he is confused when the real Caroline shows up instead of Marisa. Ironically, Marisa was present when she received the invitation and even offered Caroline some advice on what to wear for their “Lunch à deux”. When the real Caroline shows up, Chris asks his assistant Jerry Siegal to find “the other Caroline Lane” promising that he will attend an important dinner and wishes her to go with him. Jerry asks Lionel to find her. Lionel, who has figured out that Marisa is the woman Chris has been looking for, tells her to go to the dinner and end the affair swiftly if she wants to keep her possible future in hotel management. Stephanie and the hotel staff assist her in preparing for the evening by styling her hair and loaning her an expensive dress and spectacular necklace. Marisa is unable to end the affair, and she spends the night in Chris's hotel room. The next morning, Marisa is spotted by the real Caroline Lane and her friend leaving Chris' room. Caroline blurts out the truth to the hotel management and Marisa is fired in front of Chris in Lane’s hotel suite. Both Marisa and Chris spend some time apart with him still thinking about her and Marisa hounded by the press and her disapproving classist mother Veronica. Some time later, Marisa has obtained another job as a maid at another hotel. Chris is giving a press conference in the same hotel and Ty attends it and asks Chris whether people should be forgiven if they make mistakes, referencing former President of the United States, Richard Nixon. Ty leads him to the staff-room where Marisa is having her break. Chris and Marisa are reunited and the film ends with images of publications showing that Chris has been elected, he and Marisa are still together after one year, Marisa has started her own hospitality business, and Marisa’s maid friends have been promoted to management.",marisa ventura single mother trying year old young son ty working maid beresford hotel heart manhattan school ty spends time among marisa s fellow hotel workers think capable promoted management marisa fellow maid stephanie cleaning room socialite caroline lane stephanie convinces marisa try designer dolce gabbana coat lane previously asked returned store stephanie argues technically doesn t belong anyone moment elsewhere hotel ty befriends hotel guest senatorial candidate christopher marshall whom ty learns interest richard nixon subject school presentation ty wants chris walk dog pair caroline lane s room ask marisa permission chris meets marisa wearing designer coat instantly smitten assumes caroline lane trio spend time together park though marisa chris attracted each marisa terrified management find ruse makes point avoid chris afterwards chris hotel s head butler lionel bloch invite caroline lane lunch confused real caroline shows instead marisa ironically marisa present received invitation even offered caroline advice wear lunch deux real caroline shows chris assistant jerry siegal find caroline lane promising attend important dinner wishes jerry lionel find lionel figured marisa woman chris looking dinner end affair swiftly wants keep possible future hotel management stephanie hotel staff assist preparing evening styling hair loaning expensive dress spectacular necklace marisa unable end affair spends night chris hotel room morning marisa spotted real caroline lane friend leaving chris room caroline blurts truth hotel management marisa fired front chris lane s hotel suite marisa chris spend time apart thinking marisa hounded press disapproving classist mother veronica time marisa obtained job maid hotel chris giving press conference same hotel ty attends chris whether people should forgiven mistakes referencing former president united states richard nixon ty leads staff room marisa break chris marisa reunited film ends images publications showing chris elected marisa together year marisa started hospitality business marisa s maid friends promoted management,romance,comedy
Sanjana (Aindrita) suddenly wakes up to know that she was murdered in her previous birth. She musters up courage to fight a case and seek justice to her murder through a lawyer. She finds a struggling lawyer Bharadwaj (Prajwal) who has a striking resemblance to her lover in her previous birth. She hires him to fight her case and offers him huge amount even if he lost the case. They take up the case to fight against an MLA (Avinash) who was the Chief Minister earlier responsible for her death. What happens to her case and who wins forms the rest of the story.,sanjana aindrita suddenly wakes know murdered previous birth musters courage fight case seek justice murder lawyer struggling lawyer bharadwaj prajwal striking resemblance lover previous birth hires fight case offers huge amount even lost case case fight against mla avinash chief minister earlier responsible death happens case wins forms rest story,romance,action
"In the Old West, Cowboy Woody comes to town and notices an ad at a western post office advertising for a new mail delivery rider. He is hired but is warned about the bandit Buzz Buzzard who has been stealing the mail and killing the carriers. Ignoring the warning, Woody sets off. Eventually, Woody runs into Buzz and they begin battling for Woody's mail pouch and it contents. After they use every trick and move they can against each other, Woody finally is able to both outwit and outlast Buzz, and finishes their long battle by knocking him cold. Then with his pouch in hand, Woody goes to finish delivering the mail.",old west cowboy woody town notices ad western post office advertising mail delivery rider hired warned bandit buzz buzzard stealing mail killing carriers ignoring warning woody sets woody runs buzz begin battling woody mail pouch contents use every trick move against each woody finally able outwit outlast buzz finishes long battle knocking cold pouch hand woody finish delivering mail,animation,western
"Frank Vega (Danny Trejo) is a decorated Vietnam War veteran who had led a difficult life. His old girlfriend married someone else and had two kids while he was fighting for his country, he is unable to get a job anywhere, and ended up making a living selling hot dogs for most of his life until a hot dog van took away his customers. Frank spent much of the rest of his life as a drifter, until one day, he becomes famous on the internet when he beats up two abusive skinheads on a bus, is given the nickname Bad Ass, and is celebrated by everybody around him; people make T-shirts and graffiti with his face on it, police give him ride-alongs and he ends up on talk shows. Three months later, Frank's mother, Juanita (Tonita Castro) passes away, leaving him her house and dog. Frank's best friend and fellow Vietnam vet, Klondike Washington (Harrison Page), moves in with Frank and entrusts him with a USB flash drive for his late mother's safe deposit box. Klondike goes out one night for cigarettes and is murdered in a dark alley by two thugs, leaving Frank heartbroken. Frank meets a boy named Martin (John Duffy), who lives next door to Frank with his mother, Amber Lamps (Joyful Drake), and abusive father, Martin Sr. (Chris Spencer). Officer Malark (Patrick Fabian) assures Frank that the police department are working on finding the men who killed Klondike, but after watching the news and learning that the police solved a different murder in a faster time span, Frank realizes that the police are doing little to nothing about Klondike's murder. Frank decides to solve the mystery himself, and investigates the alley where Klondike was shot. He finds a spent bullet casing and a pendant with a woman's picture in it. Frank takes them both to a pawn shop where the shopkeeper (Duane Whitaker) tells him it belongs to a man named Terence (Erik Betts), whose wife's picture is in the pendant. After returning the pendant to Terence's wife, he asks where Terence is, and she tells him that he is playing basketball with some friends. After Frank beats up some of Terence's friends, they tell him that a man named Renaldo might know where Terence is. Frank goes to Renaldo's apartment and meets his roommate, who tells Frank that Renaldo is at a bar across town. After beating up some of the bar patrons who try to throw him out, Frank finds Renaldo and extracts the information that Terence is hanging out with his girlfriend. Frank finds her working at a massage parlor but she is uncooperative, so he follows her after her shift. After breaking into her house, he finds Terence and tortures him for information about his boss (who ordered Klondike's murder) by sticking Terence's hand in the kitchen's garbage disposal. Terence reveals that Klondike was killed by a drug lord named Panther (Charles S. Dutton) for the flash drive he had been given earlier, which contains details of a secret project to dig oil wells in the neighborhood on behalf of Mayor Williams (Ron Perlman). Before confronting Panther, Frank saves Amber and Martin from their abusive husband/father and ends up becoming their neighborhood friend. Amber invites Frank over for a home-cooked meal, and Frank gets all dressed up for it. At dinner, Frank asks Amber if he can have a matchbook of hers as a memento, and she gives it to him. They are about to kiss when Martin, Jr. walks in on them, so they do not. Frank insists that Amber and Martin stay at his place until he can repair her front door. The next day, Frank gives the flash drive to Officer Malark and tracks down Panther at his hideout. But he is knocked unconscious, captured, and then tortured for information about the location of the flash drive by being hooked up to an electrocution device. He is shocked multiple times, like he was in Vietnam, but Frank still refuses to surrender the flash drive. Panther takes Frank's wallet, learns Frank's address and believes Frank is hiding not only the flash drive but a loved one there as well, due to Frank's insistence that there is nothing to find. Panther leaves his men to continue torturing Frank, but Frank breaks free from his restraints and throws a lit matchbook (the one he got from Amber) at some oil drums stored in the room, setting the building on fire and causing explosions. Panther escapes but Frank gives chase. They both steal buses and duel, damaging many other vehicles during their chase, and ultimately demolish both buses. While chasing Panther again on foot, Frank comes across the two skinheads he beat up on the bus earlier. The skinheads try to undo their previous humiliation at Frank's hands by using their cell phone to record themselves beating up Frank, but Frank overpowers them again and resumes his chase. Panther arrives at Frank's house, finds Amber, and threatens to kill her for the flash drive, but Frank arrives in time to intervene. Their fight spills out into the front yard, and just as Panther is about to go after Frank again, Amber jumps on his back and slows him down enough for Frank to get up and beat Panther senseless. Panther is arrested, as is Mayor Williams when his connection to Panther's scandal is revealed on the news. Frank, Amber and Martin all live happily ever after.",frank vega danny trejo decorated vietnam war veteran led difficult life old girlfriend married someone else kids fighting country unable job anywhere ended making living selling hot dogs most life until hot dog van took customers frank spent much rest life drifter until day famous internet beats abusive skinheads bus given nickname bad ass celebrated everybody around people t shirts graffiti face police give ride alongs ends talk shows three months frank mother juanita tonita castro passes leaving dog frank best friend fellow vietnam vet klondike washington harrison page moves frank entrusts usb flash drive late mother safe deposit box klondike night cigarettes murdered dark alley thugs leaving frank heartbroken frank meets boy named martin john duffy lives door frank mother amber lamps joyful drake abusive martin sr chris spencer officer malark patrick fabian assures frank police department working finding men killed klondike watching news learning police solved different murder faster time span frank realizes police doing little nothing klondike murder frank decides solve mystery investigates alley klondike shot spent bullet casing pendant woman picture frank pawn shop shopkeeper duane whitaker belongs named terence erik betts whose wife picture pendant returning pendant terence wife terence playing basketball friends frank beats terence friends tell named renaldo might know terence frank renaldo apartment meets roommate frank renaldo bar across town beating bar patrons try throw frank renaldo extracts information terence hanging girlfriend frank working massage parlor uncooperative follows shift breaking terence tortures information boss ordered klondike murder sticking terence hand kitchen garbage disposal terence reveals klondike killed drug lord named panther charles s dutton flash drive given earlier contains details secret project dig oil wells neighborhood behalf mayor williams ron perlman confronting panther frank saves amber martin abusive husband ends becoming neighborhood friend amber invites frank home cooked meal frank dressed dinner frank amber matchbook hers memento gives kiss martin jr walks do frank insists amber martin stay place until repair front door day frank gives flash drive officer malark tracks panther hideout knocked unconscious captured tortured information location flash drive hooked electrocution device shocked multiple times like vietnam frank refuses surrender flash drive panther frank wallet learns frank address believes frank hiding flash drive loved well due frank insistence nothing find panther leaves men continue torturing frank frank breaks free restraints throws lit matchbook got amber oil drums stored room setting building fire causing explosions panther escapes frank gives chase steal buses duel damaging many vehicles chase ultimately demolish buses chasing panther foot frank across skinheads beat bus earlier skinheads try undo previous humiliation frank hands using cell phone record themselves beating frank frank overpowers resumes chase panther arrives frank amber threatens kill flash drive frank arrives time intervene fight spills front yard panther frank amber jumps slows enough frank beat panther senseless panther arrested mayor williams connection panther scandal revealed news frank amber martin live happily ever,action,drama
"In 1821, Don Diego de la Vega (Anthony Hopkins), a Californio nobleman, fights against the Spanish in the Mexican War of Independence as Zorro, a mysterious swordsman who defends the Mexican peasants and commoners of Las Californias. Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson), the corrupt governor of the region, learns of De La Vega's alter ego, and attempts to arrest him. De la Vega's wife Esperanza (Julieta Rosen) is killed during the scuffle. Montero imprisons de La Vega and takes his infant daughter, Elena, as his own before returning to Spain. Twenty years later, Montero returns to California as a civilian, alongside Elena (Catherine Zeta-Jones) who has grown into a beautiful woman and resembles her late mother. Montero's reappearance motivates de La Vega to escape from prison. He encounters a thief, Alejandro Murietta (Antonio Banderas) who, as a child, once did Zorro a favor. De la Vega decides that fate has brought them together, and agrees to make Alejandro his protégé, grooming him to be the new Zorro. Alejandro agrees to undergo de La Vega's training regimen in Zorro's lair underneath the ruins of his family estate in order to be able to take revenge on Captain Harrison Love (Matt Letscher) Montero's right-hand man, who was responsible for killing Alejandro's brother, Joaquin (Victor Rivers). While still being trained, Alejandro steals a black stallion resembling Tornado from the local garrison. De La Vega scolds Alejandro, claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief and adventurer. He challenges Alejandro to gain Montero's trust instead. Alejandro poses as a visiting nobleman named Don Alejandro del Castillo y García, with de la Vega as his servant, and attends a party at Montero's hacienda. At the party, he gains Elena's admiration and enough of Montero's trust to be invited to a secret meeting where several other noblemen are present. Montero hints at a plan to retake California for the Dons by buying it from General Santa Anna, who needs money to fund his upcoming war with the United States. Montero takes Alejandro and the noblemen to a secret gold mine known as El Dorado, where peasants and prisoners are used for slave labor. Montero plans to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from Santa Anna's own land. De la Vega uses this opportunity to become closer to Elena, though he identifies himself as Bernardo the servant, learning that Montero told Elena that her mother died in childbirth. While walking in a market, Elena meets the woman who was her nanny who tells Elena her parents' real identity. De la Vega sends Alejandro, dressed as Zorro, to steal Montero's map leading to the gold mine. Zorro duels Montero, Love, and their guards at the hacienda. When Zorro escapes, Elena attempts to retrieve Montero's map from the swordsman, but he seduces her, leading to a passionate kiss before he flees. Terrified of Santa Anna's retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero, at Love's urging, decides to destroy the mine and kill the workers. De la Vega tells Alejandro to release the workers on his own so that de La Vega can reclaim Elena. Alejandro sets off, feeling betrayed by Diego's vendetta. De la Vega corners Montero at the hacienda and reveals his identity, but Montero captures him by threatening Elena. As he is taken away, de la Vega tells Elena the name of the flowers, romneya, she recognized upon her arrival in California, convincing her that he is her father. She releases de la Vega from his cell and they proceed to the mine, where Alejandro and de la Vega respectively defeat and slay Love and Montero. Elena and Alejandro free the workers before the explosives go off, and then find the mortally wounded de la Vega. He makes peace with Alejandro and Elena and gives his blessings for Alejandro to marry his daughter before dying. Later on in the movie, Alejandro and Elena are married and have a son named Joaquin and Alejandro tells him the story of how his grandfather was the first Zorro and how he became and died a hero with Elena listening. Alejandro and Elena share a passionate kiss before Joaquin starts crying and Elena calms him down. The film ends with Alejandro walking down the corridor of his mansion before the door closes with Zorro pulling out his sword and making his mark with it being engulfed in flames.",don diego de la vega anthony hopkins californio nobleman fights against spanish mexican war independence zorro mysterious swordsman defends mexican peasants commoners las californias don rafael montero stuart wilson corrupt governor region learns de la vega alter ego attempts arrest de la vega wife esperanza julieta rosen killed scuffle montero imprisons de la vega infant daughter elena returning spain twenty years montero returns california civilian alongside elena catherine zeta jones grown beautiful woman resembles late mother montero reappearance motivates de la vega escape prison encounters thief alejandro murietta antonio banderas child once did zorro favor de la vega decides fate brought together agrees alejandro prot g grooming zorro alejandro agrees undergo de la vega training regimen zorro lair underneath ruins family estate order able revenge captain harrison love matt letscher montero right hand responsible killing alejandro brother joaquin victor rivers trained alejandro steals black stallion resembling tornado local garrison de la vega scolds alejandro claiming zorro servant people thief adventurer challenges alejandro gain montero trust instead alejandro poses visiting nobleman named don alejandro del castillo y garc de la vega servant attends party montero hacienda party gains elena admiration enough montero trust invited secret meeting several noblemen present montero hints plan retake california dons buying general santa anna needs money fund upcoming war united states montero alejandro noblemen secret gold mine known el dorado peasants prisoners used slave labor montero plans buy california santa anna using gold mined santa anna land de la vega uses opportunity become closer elena though identifies bernardo servant learning montero told elena mother died childbirth walking market elena meets woman nanny elena parents real identity de la vega sends alejandro dressed zorro steal montero map leading gold mine zorro duels montero love guards hacienda zorro escapes elena attempts retrieve montero map swordsman seduces leading passionate kiss flees terrified santa anna retribution discovers paid gold montero love urging decides destroy mine kill workers de la vega alejandro release workers de la vega reclaim elena alejandro sets feeling betrayed diego vendetta de la vega corners montero hacienda reveals identity montero captures threatening elena taken de la vega elena name flowers romneya recognized upon arrival california convincing releases de la vega cell proceed mine alejandro de la vega respectively defeat slay love montero elena alejandro free workers explosives find mortally wounded de la vega makes peace alejandro elena gives blessings alejandro marry daughter dying movie alejandro elena married son named joaquin alejandro story how grandfather zorro how became died hero elena listening alejandro elena share passionate kiss joaquin starts crying elena calms film ends alejandro walking corridor mansion door closes zorro pulling sword making mark engulfed flames,action,western
"Paul Hogan plays Lightning Jack Kane, a long-sighted Australian outlaw in the American west, with his horse, Mate. After the rest of his gang is killed in a robbery-gone-wrong, Jack survives only to read of the events in the newspaper that he was nothing next to others. Annoyed at not being recognised as an outlaw, Jack attempts a robbery by himself, and ends up taking young mute Ben Doyle (Cuba Gooding Jr.) as a hostage. He later discovers that, tired of never having been treated with respect due to his disability, Ben wishes to join him. Jack attempts to teach Ben how to fire a gun and rob banks, with his first attempt at on-the-job training ending with Ben shooting himself in the foot. Across the course of the training, they pay occasional visits to saloons where Jack shows Ben the truth about adult life, including helping him to lose his virginity. However, the true nature of the saloon visits is for Jack to make contact with showgirl Lana Castel (Beverly D'Angelo), who, unbeknownst to Jack, is madly in love with him. When Ben's training is complete, the two learn of a bank which is said to be the hardest in the country to rob, the entire town armed and ready to protect it. Jack sees this as the test he has been waiting for, and together they hatch a plan to rob it. Everything seems to be going smoothly and they are set to begin, until Jack discovers that a rival gang of outlaws is also planning to rob the bank. He is prepared to give up when Ben has a plan of his own. Ben silently tips off the townspeople, who quickly swarm the bank with the rival outlaws inside. The gang are arrested and the entire town celebrates, allowing Jack and Ben to slip unnoticed into the bank and swiftly strip it clean. Before leaving, Jack jumps into the celebrations, ensuring that his grinning face is seen at the top of the town photo. By the time the true robbery is discovered, the two - and Lana - are gone, with a bounty of thousands on their heads and all of America searching for them - the life that Jack had always wanted.",paul hogan plays lightning jack kane long sighted australian outlaw american west horse mate rest gang killed robbery gone wrong jack survives read events newspaper nothing others annoyed recognised outlaw jack attempts robbery ends taking young mute ben doyle cuba gooding jr hostage discovers tired never treated respect due disability ben wishes join jack attempts teach ben how fire gun rob banks attempt job training ending ben shooting foot across course training pay occasional visits saloons jack shows ben truth adult life including helping lose virginity true nature saloon visits jack contact showgirl lana castel beverly d angelo unbeknownst jack madly love ben training complete learn bank said hardest country rob entire town armed ready protect jack sees test waiting together hatch plan rob everything seems going smoothly set begin until jack discovers rival gang outlaws planning rob bank prepared give ben plan ben silently tips townspeople quickly swarm bank rival outlaws inside gang arrested entire town celebrates allowing jack ben slip unnoticed bank swiftly strip clean leaving jack jumps celebrations ensuring grinning face seen top town photo time true robbery discovered lana gone bounty thousands heads america searching life jack always wanted,comedy,western
"Buchi Raju (Allari Naresh) is a salesman in Kalanikethan Mall. He lives with his uncle Abrakadabra Appa Rao (Krishna Bhagavaan), who is a magician. Buchi Raju happens to come across Maha Lakshmi (Sharmiela Mandre) one fine day and falls in love with her. Maha Lakshmi also responds to Buchi Babu and they fall in love.Maha Lakshmi’s father Subba Rao (M. S. Narayana) does not approve of this alliance as Buchi Raju is not a rich guy. To win Maha Lakshmi’s hand, Buchi Raju promises to earn a lot of money within 6 months and leaves.Through his uncle Appa Rao, he comes to know about a Bangkok businessman named Gottam Gopalakrishna (Ashish Vidyarthi) and a fortune that is waiting for him. Armed with this information, Buchi Raju decides to go to Bangkok to seek his money.What happens next? Will Buchi Raju succeed in his efforts? That forms the story of this film",buchi raju allari naresh salesman kalanikethan mall lives uncle abrakadabra appa rao krishna bhagavaan magician buchi raju happens across maha lakshmi sharmiela mandre fine day falls love maha lakshmi responds buchi babu fall love maha lakshmi s subba rao m s narayana approve alliance buchi raju rich guy win maha lakshmi s hand buchi raju promises earn lot money within months leaves uncle appa rao know bangkok businessman named gottam gopalakrishna ashish vidyarthi fortune waiting armed information buchi raju decides bangkok seek money happens buchi raju succeed efforts forms story film,action,romance
"Lady Caroline (Annie Esmond) invites engineer and part-time crime writer Peter Kerrigan (John Stuart) to Marsh Manor to solve a murder. Is the mysterious death of a librarian connected with the Claydon treasure, reputedly hidden on the estate a century earlier?",lady caroline annie esmond invites engineer part time crime writer peter kerrigan john stuart marsh manor solve murder mysterious death librarian connected claydon treasure reputedly hidden estate century earlier,crime,drama
"Georgia Byrd (Queen Latifah), an employee in the cookware department at Kragen's Department Store in New Orleans, is a shy, unassuming woman who longs to cook professionally, and who records her dreams of a better life in a journal labeled Possibilities. It is the Christmas holiday season. While flirting with a co-worker named Sean Williams (LL Cool J), she bumps her head on a cabinet door and is taken to the store's health center for a CAT scan. There she is told by company physician Dr. Gupta (Ranjit Chowdhry) she has several brain tumors resulting from a rare neurological disorder called Lampington's Disease. Since her HMO plan will not cover the exorbitant cost of an operation, Georgia resigns herself to the fact she has only a few weeks to live, quits her job, liquidates her assets, and sets off on a dream vacation at the deluxe Grandhotel Pupp in the spa city of Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic. Free of inhibitions and determined to live life to the fullest, Georgia checks into the Presidential Suite, buys a designer wardrobe in expensive boutiques, makes extensive use of the hotel's spa facilities, attempts snowboarding and BASE jumping off a dam, enjoys succulent meals prepared by world-renowned Chef Didier (Gérard Depardieu), and wins a small fortune playing roulette in the casino. She impresses the hotel's staff, with the exception of cantankerous guest services manager Miss Gunther (Susan Kellermann), with her naive manner and forthright kindness, and mingles with some of the other guests, including Matthew Kragen (Timothy Hutton), a self-help guru and coincidentally the owner of the store where she works; his assistant/mistress Ms. Burns (Alicia Witt); pandering Senator Dillings (Giancarlo Esposito) from her home state of Louisiana; and prominent Congressman Stewart (Michael Nouri). Kragen is skeptical about Georgia's origins and suspects her of trying to sabotage his business, but the rest are charmed by her free spirit. When Kragen bribes Miss Gunther to dig up information about Georgia's background, she finds a letter Georgia has written providing instructions for the disposal of her remains after her death. Miss Gunther is moved by the letter and realizes Georgia's self-confidence and sunny optimism have touched everyone who has met her since her arrival. She confesses to Georgia she found the letter and urges her to return home and spend her last days with those she loves. Georgia takes Miss Gunther's advice and heads for the airport, only to discover an avalanche has blocked the road. Unbeknownst to her, Sean—having learned of her diagnosis and ready to acknowledge his feelings for her—is in a taxi on the other side of the snowdrift, trying to reach her at the hotel. Georgia returns to the hotel, and Sean starts across the snow on foot. At a New Year's Eve party that evening, Kragen exposes Georgia as a saleswoman in one of his stores. Georgia tells them that Kragen is right and reveals that she is going to die. Kragen's colleagues, disgusted by his insensitivity, embrace her and abandon him. Dejected and embarrassed, Kragen goes up to an upper floor of the hotel and sits on the ledge contemplating suicide. Georgia tries to persuade him to come down, suggesting if he were nicer and less driven and greedy, he would be a happier person. Sean arrives at the hotel and joins Georgia and Kragen on the ledge. In the lobby, Miss Gunther finds a fax from Dr. Gupta, in which he tells Georgia she was misdiagnosed due to X-rays generated by a broken, outdated CAT scanner. Miss Gunther rushes up to the ledge to announce the good news. Georgia and Sean return to New Orleans where they later get married and open a restaurant, which is visited by Chef Didier and Georgia's long-time inspiration Emeril Lagasse. An epilogue sequence shows that Ms. Burns, Ms. Gunther, Dr. Gupta, and Matthew Kragen have all made better lives for themselves and are now happy, with Georgia changing her Book of Possibilities into the Book of Realities.",georgia byrd queen latifah employee cookware department kragen department store orleans shy unassuming woman longs cook professionally records dreams better life journal labeled possibilities christmas holiday season flirting co worker named sean williams ll cool j bumps head cabinet door taken store health center cat scan told company physician dr gupta ranjit chowdhry several brain tumors resulting rare neurological disorder called lampington disease since hmo plan cover exorbitant cost operation georgia resigns herself fact few weeks live quits job liquidates assets sets dream vacation deluxe grandhotel pupp spa city karlovy vary czech republic free inhibitions determined live life fullest georgia checks presidential suite buys designer wardrobe expensive boutiques makes extensive use hotel spa facilities attempts snowboarding base jumping dam enjoys succulent meals prepared world renowned chef didier g rard depardieu wins small fortune playing roulette casino impresses hotel staff exception cantankerous guest services manager miss gunther susan kellermann naive manner forthright kindness mingles guests including matthew kragen timothy hutton self guru coincidentally owner store works assistant mistress ms burns alicia witt pandering senator dillings giancarlo esposito home state louisiana prominent congressman stewart michael nouri kragen skeptical georgia origins suspects trying sabotage business rest charmed free spirit kragen bribes miss gunther dig information georgia background letter georgia written providing instructions disposal remains death miss gunther moved letter realizes georgia self confidence sunny optimism touched everyone met since arrival confesses georgia found letter urges return home spend last days those loves georgia miss gunther advice heads airport discover avalanche blocked road unbeknownst sean learned diagnosis ready acknowledge feelings taxi side snowdrift trying reach hotel georgia returns hotel sean starts across snow foot year eve party evening kragen exposes georgia saleswoman stores georgia kragen right reveals going die kragen colleagues disgusted insensitivity embrace abandon dejected embarrassed kragen upper floor hotel sits ledge contemplating suicide georgia persuade suggesting were nicer less driven greedy would happier person sean arrives hotel joins georgia kragen ledge lobby miss gunther fax dr gupta georgia misdiagnosed due x rays generated broken outdated cat scanner miss gunther rushes ledge announce good news georgia sean return orleans married open restaurant visited chef didier georgia long time inspiration emeril lagasse epilogue sequence shows ms burns ms gunther dr gupta matthew kragen made better lives themselves happy georgia changing book possibilities book realities,romance,comedy
"Chandrabose (Mohanlal) whose wife's (Meera Jasmine) death has led him to become an alcoholic. Chandrabose likes to keep a low profile and lives a rather carefree life. When he comes to Kochi, he saves a young IT professional (Krish. J. Sathaar) out of committing suicide and joins in the firm passing out positive philosophy which takes the firm from a struggling start-up to the top, and makes an impression on Anu (Mamta Mohandas), Jyothi (Padmapriya) and Chinnu (Mithra Kurian).",chandrabose mohanlal whose wife meera jasmine death led become alcoholic chandrabose likes keep low profile lives rather carefree life kochi saves young professional krish j sathaar committing suicide joins firm passing positive philosophy firm struggling start top makes impression anu mamta mohandas jyothi padmapriya chinnu mithra kurian,comedy,drama
"Theresa provides her terminally-ill mother with a cannibis joint laced with poison, allowing her to commit assisted suicide. After her mother's death, she inherits her home in rural Northern California. Theresa's boyfriend, Nick, wants her to move elsewhere with him, but she insists on staying in her mother's house. Theresa returns to her job at a cannabis dispensary owned by her friend Keith, but is noticeably withdrawn. She attends a house party with Keith, and talks with Johnny, a mutual friend who is younger than both of them. One day while Theresa is working, a sick elderly man, Ed, comes into the shop to pick up the same poison-laced cannabis Theresa administered to her mother. Theresa gives him the cannabis and he leaves; aware that he is using it to commit suicide, Theresa experiences an emotional breakdown. Ed returns later in the evening, informing Theresa and Keith that the drug failed to work. In the middle of the night, Theresa receives a phone call from Keith. She meets him at a carwash, where he tells her that Johnny has died, and accuses her of accidentally selling Johnny the poison-laced cannabis intended for Ed. Her grief now compounded by guilt, Theresa's emotional state becomes increasingly fragile, and she begins retreating to the surrounding woods for hours at a time, causing strain on her relationship with Nick. Contemplating suicide, she prepares five individual joints laced with the poison, but at first cannot bring herself to smoke them. Later that night, she goes into the woods and works up the nerve to smoke one of the joints, but it does not kill her; she awakens the next morning with scratches on her legs. She smokes a second joint in the morning, and has visions of herself walking through the wilderness. Later, she smokes the third joint, which induces powerful hallucinations, but does not kill her. When she returns to consciousness, she finds that she has dismantled a wooden fence outside the house, but has no recollection of doing so. Later that night, Theresa meets with Keith at a local bar, and smokes a fourth joint. After, she drives to Ed's house and confesses to him how she inadvertently killed Johnny. After telling him the news, Ed dies in front of her. Upon returning home, she gets into a fight with Nick when she refuses to tell him where she has been. She eventually leaves and walks to Keith's house, visibly ill and vomiting. Keith, who perceives Theresa's guilt over the deaths of her mother and Johnny, suggests she confide in Nick. Theresa refutes the idea, and Keith threatens to call Nick on the phone. Theresa begins burning her fingertips on a hot clothes iron that Keith has left on. When he attempts to stop her, she attacks him, burning his face with the iron, and then beats him over the head with it numerous times, killing him. Covered in blood, Theresa wanders into the woods and smokes the last of the poison-laced joints. This induces numerous visions of the landscape, during which Theresa begins levitating, and ascends into the tree canopy.",theresa provides terminally ill mother cannibis joint laced poison allowing commit assisted suicide mother death inherits home rural northern california theresa boyfriend nick wants move elsewhere insists staying mother theresa returns job cannabis dispensary owned friend keith noticeably withdrawn attends party keith talks johnny mutual friend younger than day theresa working sick elderly ed shop pick same poison laced cannabis theresa administered mother theresa gives cannabis leaves aware using commit suicide theresa experiences emotional breakdown ed returns evening informing theresa keith drug failed work middle night theresa receives phone call keith meets carwash johnny died accuses accidentally selling johnny poison laced cannabis intended ed grief compounded guilt theresa emotional state increasingly fragile retreating surrounding woods hours time causing strain relationship nick contemplating suicide prepares five individual joints laced poison cannot bring herself smoke night woods works nerve smoke joints kill awakens morning scratches legs smokes second joint morning visions herself walking wilderness smokes third joint induces powerful hallucinations kill returns consciousness dismantled wooden fence outside recollection doing night theresa meets keith local bar smokes fourth joint drives ed confesses how inadvertently killed johnny telling news ed dies front upon returning home fight nick refuses tell leaves walks keith visibly ill vomiting keith perceives theresa guilt deaths mother johnny suggests confide nick theresa refutes idea keith threatens call nick phone theresa burning fingertips hot clothes iron keith left attempts stop attacks burning face iron beats head numerous times killing covered blood theresa wanders woods smokes last poison laced joints induces numerous visions landscape theresa levitating ascends tree canopy,drama,horror
"The story of this film revolves around two politicians from the same village. One of them is an elected MLA from Village constituency Narayan Wagh (Makarand Anaspure) and the other being his opponent Vishwasrao Tope(Sayaji Shinde), who has lost the election to Mr. Wagh by a narrow margin. But, Vishwasrao manages to get this nomination as MLC. So, to prove their supremacy, they indulge themselves in dirty politics, so as to turn the tables on each other. And, this clearly goes on to show how murky the politics is at the village level.",story film revolves around politicians same village elected mla village constituency narayan wagh makarand anaspure opponent vishwasrao tope sayaji shinde lost election mr wagh narrow margin vishwasrao manages nomination mlc prove supremacy indulge themselves dirty politics turn tables each clearly show how murky politics village level,comedy,action
"When Roshni and Sudeep take their nine-year-old daughter, Shivani to their ancestral home, little do they know what is in store for them? The twosome has some unanswered questions from the past, which now come back to haunt them. Their mistake is now threatening to take their only daughter away from them.[2]......",roshni sudeep nine year old daughter shivani ancestral home little do know store twosome unanswered questions past haunt mistake threatening daughter,horror,drama
"Professor Utonium creates a mixture of sugar, spice, and everything nice in hope of producing the perfect little girl to improve Townsville, a city plagued by crime and injustice. He is shoved by his laboratory assistant, the destructive chimpanzee Jojo, causing him to accidentally break and spill a flask of Chemical X into the concoction, which explodes in Jojo's face. The experiment is successful, producing three little girls whom the Professor names Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup. He also discovers that the girls have gained superpowers from the added Chemical X. Despite the girls' recklessness with their powers, they all immediately grow to love each other as a family. During their first day of school, the girls learn about the game tag and begin to play among themselves, which quickly grows destructive once they use their powers. The girls take their game downtown, accidentally causing massive damage to the city until the Professor calms them down. The next day, the girls are treated as outcasts by the citizens of Townsville as a result of the destruction they have caused, and the Professor is arrested for creating the girls. Realizing that using their powers again will only anger the townspeople more, the girls try to make their way home from school on foot. They become lost in an alleyway and are ambushed by the Gangreen Gang, only to be rescued by Jojo, whose brain has been mutated by the Chemical X explosion, giving him superintelligence. Planning control of the city, Jojo gains the girls' sympathy by saying he is also hated for his powers. Jojo convinces the girls to help him build a laboratory and machine powered by Chemical X, which he claims will earn them the affections of the city. Jojo rewards the girls with a trip to the local zoo, where he secretly implants small transportation devices on all the primates there. That night, Jojo transports the primates into his lab and uses his new machine to inject them with Chemical X, turning them into evil mutant primates like himself. The next morning, after the Professor is released from prison, the girls show him all the good they have done, only to discover the city under attack by the primates. Jojo, renaming himself Mojo Jojo, publicly announces the girls as his assistants, which further damages their reputation and even turns the distraught Professor against them. Dejected, the girls exile themselves to an asteroid in outer space. Mojo Jojo announces his intention to rule the planet, but becomes frustrated when his minions begin concocting their own plans to terrorize the people of Townsville. Overhearing the turmoil from space, the girls return to Earth and rescue the citizens, realizing they can use their powers to fight the primates. With his army defeated, Mojo injects himself with Chemical X and grows into a giant monster, overpowering the girls after an intense battle. Rejecting Mojo's offer of alliance against the people who have shunned them, the girls push him off a decrepit skyscraper as soon as the Professor arrives with an antidote for Chemical X to help the girls. Mojo lands on the Antidote X, which shrinks him down to his original size, battered and defeated. The girls consider using the Antidote X to erase their powers, thinking they would be accepted as normal girls. The people of Townsville protest, apologizing for misjudging the girls and thanking them for their heroic deeds. At the insistence of the Mayor, the girls agree to use their powers to defend Townsville with the Professor's permission, becoming the city's beloved crime-fighting superhero team who are dubbed the Powerpuff Girls.",professor utonium creates mixture sugar spice everything nice hope producing perfect little girl improve townsville city plagued crime injustice shoved laboratory assistant destructive chimpanzee jojo causing accidentally break spill flask chemical x concoction explodes jojo face experiment successful producing three little girls whom professor names blossom bubbles buttercup discovers girls gained superpowers added chemical x despite girls recklessness powers immediately grow love each family day school girls learn game tag begin play among themselves quickly grows destructive once use powers girls game downtown accidentally causing massive damage city until professor calms day girls treated outcasts citizens townsville result destruction caused professor arrested creating girls realizing using powers anger townspeople girls try home school foot become lost alleyway ambushed gangreen gang rescued jojo whose brain mutated chemical x explosion giving superintelligence planning control city jojo gains girls sympathy saying hated powers jojo convinces girls build laboratory machine powered chemical x claims earn affections city jojo rewards girls trip local zoo secretly implants small transportation devices primates night jojo transports primates lab uses machine inject chemical x turning evil mutant primates like morning professor released prison girls show good done discover city under attack primates jojo renaming mojo jojo publicly announces girls assistants further damages reputation even turns distraught professor against dejected girls exile themselves asteroid outer space mojo jojo announces intention rule planet frustrated minions begin concocting plans terrorize people townsville overhearing turmoil space girls return earth rescue citizens realizing use powers fight primates army defeated mojo injects chemical x grows giant monster overpowering girls intense battle rejecting mojo offer alliance against people shunned girls push decrepit skyscraper professor arrives antidote chemical x girls mojo lands antidote x shrinks original size battered defeated girls consider using antidote x erase powers thinking would accepted normal girls people townsville protest apologizing misjudging girls thanking heroic deeds insistence mayor girls agree use powers defend townsville professor permission becoming city beloved crime fighting superhero team dubbed powerpuff girls,animation,horror
"Daffy Duck and Porky Pig work in the hotel business on the western frontier. At the start of the cartoon we see Daffy sweeping the floor, and exclaiming his dissatisfaction for his job. When Porky calls Daffy over, and gives him a new broom as a present, Daffy throws his hat on the floor in disgust and quits the job. Daffy then proceeds to build his own hotel business directly across the way from Porky. Porky looks on, exclaiming all that because he gave Daffy a present. Daffy does everything he can to persuade business to his new establishment, hanging signs reading 'Free Lunch', 'Free TV', 'We Give Plaid Stamps' and 'Western Spoken Here'. After Porky wishes Daffy luck, he spots a customer whom he hastily invites to his newly built establishment. Upon his arrival to the hotel, Daffy tries to take the gentleman's order, but is instead robbed. Despite Daffy's many attempts at wooing customers with his free advertisements, Porky's establishment is receiving all the business. Daffy wonders what Porky has that he doesn't, so he wanders over to take a peek. Daffy sees a (live action) vaudeville show. Determined to fight fire with fire, Daffy goes back to his hotel dressed up as a girl and then dances/lip-syncs to a record playing The Latin Quarter (from the 1938 Warner Brothers musical, Gold Diggers in Paris) on the front porch to sway potential customers away from Porky's establishment. This works well until the record starts skipping and the bystanders realize what's going on. Insulted by Daffy's deceptive marketing ploy, they all throw fruits and vegetables at him. Daffy then attempts to join forces with Porky and asks him to be partners. When Porky replies by telling Daffy he has all the business he needs, Daffy menaces him with a gun, but accidentally shoots himself instead, and then decides to destroy Porky's business by force. First, Daffy tries to drop a boulder off a cliff onto Porky's hotel; this backfires when the boulder misses, bounces, and crushes Daffy's hotel (which makes Daffy's head transform to a braying donkey's). Daffy then decides to dress up like a woman, in order to place explosives under the floor boards of Porky's hotel; however, while Porky leaves the hotel to attend to the lady, the explosives go off, and we see that Porky has struck oil. We then see that Porky's hotel is destroyed (as it was on top of the oil gusher) and closed, with a sign posted reading moved to a new location. The camera pans over to Porky's new and improved five-star hotel, in which Daffy now works for Porky again. Porky offers Daffy the chance to 'clean up', and gives him his own office. When he opens the door to his office, several brooms and mops fall out of the closet. Daffy then picks up a 'janitor' hat and puts it on.",daffy duck porky pig work hotel business western frontier start cartoon we see daffy sweeping floor exclaiming dissatisfaction job porky calls daffy gives broom present daffy throws hat floor disgust quits job daffy proceeds build hotel business directly across porky porky looks exclaiming gave daffy present daffy everything persuade business establishment hanging signs reading free lunch free tv we give plaid stamps western spoken here porky wishes daffy luck spots customer whom hastily invites newly built establishment upon arrival hotel daffy gentleman order instead robbed despite daffy many attempts wooing customers free advertisements porky establishment receiving business daffy wonders porky wanders peek daffy sees live action vaudeville show determined fight fire fire daffy hotel dressed girl dances lip syncs record playing latin quarter warner brothers musical gold diggers paris front porch sway potential customers porky establishment works well until record starts skipping bystanders realize going insulted daffy deceptive marketing ploy throw fruits vegetables daffy attempts join forces porky partners porky replies telling daffy business needs daffy menaces gun accidentally shoots instead decides destroy porky business force daffy drop boulder cliff onto porky hotel backfires boulder misses bounces crushes daffy hotel makes daffy head transform braying donkey daffy decides dress like woman order place explosives under floor boards porky hotel porky leaves hotel attend lady explosives we see porky struck oil we see porky hotel destroyed top oil gusher closed sign posted reading moved location camera pans porky improved five star hotel daffy works porky porky offers daffy chance clean gives office opens door office several brooms mops fall closet daffy picks janitor hat puts,animation,comedy
"John J. J. Johnson is a rookie deputy sheriff in the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department. Because of his inexperience and race, he experiences tension with his white colleagues as their first black deputy. Although he initially clashes with Deputy Deborah Fields, the department's first female deputy, they strike up a friendship. While on patrol, Johnson backs up Deputy Bono when he stops a black man, Teddy Woods, at a gas station. When Bono runs Woods' drivers license, he finds a warrant for his arrest. Woods reveals he has a stolen pistol in his car, and the police officers arrest him. Deputy Fields is the second deputy to the scene of a murder, but Detectives Baker and Hall dismiss her observations. Mr. Greenspan says a black man murdered his wife in a botched robbery, and the detectives pressure Woods to confess after they trace his stolen pistol to the murder. Woods defiantly proclaims his innocence, frustrating his lawyer, James Locket, who advises him to show less attitude in court. At the same time, community activist Reverend Banks raises awareness of the death of a black prisoner whom he believes to have been murdered by the police while in custody. Johnson dismisses the concerns of his family and girlfriend, saying there is no evidence of this. While coaching Bono on what to say at the trial, Johnson's commander, Clarence Massey, learns that Bono stopped Woods because of his race. Frustrated, Massey instructs him to come up with a better excuse. Bono suggests a traffic violation and later requests that Johnson back him up. Johnson agrees, and Massey praises him for his loyalty and dependability while chastising Fields for her refusal to fit in better. At the trial, Locket points out holes in the police testimony, making Johnson wonder if he made the right decision. Fields joins Johnson in investigating what really happened. With help from a whistleblower, they discover numerous cover-ups that involve Baker, Hall, and Massey. As the trial progresses and Greenspan's testimony proves problematic, Massey has Baker murder Greenspan to prevent him from becoming a liability. Hall, sick from cancer, dies at the station. Tensions rise as Johnson and Fields continue pursuing their own investigation, and they become further paranoid when Johnson insists they were intentionally given faulty intelligence during a drug raid. After Fields is hospitalized following an assault, Johnson and Baker come to blows. Massey breaks them up and temporarily places Johnson in a jail cell. When released, he delivers incriminating evidence to Locket that implicates Baker in various crimes, including the murder of the black prisoner and framing Woods. The jury can not reach a verdict. Facing a widespread investigation of police corruption that goes to the city council and mayor's office, the district attorney offers to drop the charges against Woods. Locket, with the reluctant backing of a city councilman, instead pushes for a new trial, which the judge accepts. Bono turns state's evidence and testifies against Johnson, admitting that the two committed perjury. Caught up in the probe, Johnson pleads guilty and receives a suspended sentence. After the sheriff's department is disbanded, Massey retires, Baker is sentenced to four years and is in an honor prison while appealing. The unit is disbanded and the other officers including Bono are reassigned.",john j j johnson rookie deputy sheriff los angeles sheriff department inexperience race experiences tension white colleagues black deputy although initially clashes deputy deborah fields department female deputy strike friendship patrol johnson backs deputy bono stops black teddy woods gas station bono runs woods drivers license warrant arrest woods reveals stolen pistol car police officers arrest deputy fields second deputy scene murder detectives baker hall dismiss observations mr greenspan says black murdered wife botched robbery detectives pressure woods confess trace stolen pistol murder woods defiantly proclaims innocence frustrating lawyer james locket advises show less attitude court same time community activist reverend banks raises awareness death black prisoner whom believes murdered police custody johnson dismisses concerns family girlfriend saying evidence coaching bono say trial johnson commander clarence massey learns bono stopped woods race frustrated massey instructs better excuse bono suggests traffic violation requests johnson johnson agrees massey praises loyalty dependability chastising fields refusal fit better trial locket points holes police testimony making johnson wonder made right decision fields joins johnson investigating really happened whistleblower discover numerous cover ups involve baker hall massey trial progresses greenspan testimony proves problematic massey baker murder greenspan prevent becoming liability hall sick cancer dies station tensions rise johnson fields continue pursuing investigation become further paranoid johnson insists were intentionally given faulty intelligence drug raid fields hospitalized following assault johnson baker blows massey breaks temporarily places johnson jail cell released delivers incriminating evidence locket implicates baker various crimes including murder black prisoner framing woods jury reach verdict facing widespread investigation police corruption city council mayor office district attorney offers drop charges against woods locket reluctant backing city councilman instead pushes trial judge accepts bono turns state evidence testifies against johnson admitting committed perjury caught probe johnson pleads guilty receives suspended sentence sheriff department disbanded massey retires baker sentenced four years honor prison appealing unit disbanded officers including bono reassigned,drama,crime
A respectable doctor discovers that his father has set up a less than reputable medical firm.,respectable doctor discovers set less than reputable medical firm,comedy,drama
"In 1828 Edinburgh, Scotland, Dr. Knox (Peter Cushing) is a highly skilled anatomist who draws large crowds of medical students to his lectures on the human body. Though he is constantly at odds with his stuffy, backwards colleagues, he is highly venerated by his students and believes his duty is to push the medical profession forward. Unfortunately, due to the laws of the time very few cadavers are legally available to the medical profession, necessitating the use of graverobbers or Resurrection men to procure additional specimens. Dr. Knox's assistant Dr. Mitchell (Dermot Walsh) and a young student named Jackson (John Cairney) and are given the task of buying the bodies, which are worth a small fortune... especially when fresh. Meanwhile, drunken miscreants William Burke (George Rose) and William Hare (Donald Pleasence) discover that a lodger at Burke's boarding house has died still owing £4 in rent. When they find that the body can make them a handsome profit, they begin a career of murdering locals and selling them to the medical school. When Jackson goes to a local tavern to give Burke and Hare their pay, he becomes involved with tempestuous local prostitute Mary Patterson (Billie Whitelaw), who is also well-known to the killers. Over time, Jackson and Mitchell begin to suspect that the bodies supplied by Burke and Hare are victims of foul play. Despite their concerns, Dr. Knox dismisses any attempt at going to the police. When Jackson's new girlfriend Mary becomes their latest victim, Jackson discovers her body in the lecture room and he too is killed when he confronts the murderous duo. When they murder a well-known mentally ill youth (Melvyn Hayes), however, they quickly become murder suspects and are caught by an angry mob. Hare agrees to turn King's Evidence against his former partner and is set free, though vindictive locals catch him and burn out his eyes. Burke is executed by hanging, still complaining that Dr. Knox never paid him for the final body. Knox, for his part in the killings, is the object of widespread public outrage, but ultimately not punished or censured by his colleagues (to whom Dr. Mitchell eloquently defends him). Though he is free to continue lecturing, he ultimately feels guilt over his part in the horrors, admitting to his devoted niece Martha (June Laverick) that the murder victims seemed so small in my scheme of things. But I knew how they died. The film ends with Knox, who assumes his lectures will now be empty, instead finding himself greeted with applause from a packed hall of students. Apparently a changed man, he begins his lecture with the Hippocratic Oath which includes the promise to never do harm to anyone.",edinburgh scotland dr knox peter cushing highly skilled anatomist draws large crowds medical students lectures human body though constantly odds stuffy backwards colleagues highly venerated students believes duty push medical profession forward unfortunately due laws time very few cadavers legally available medical profession necessitating use graverobbers or resurrection men procure additional specimens dr knox assistant dr mitchell dermot walsh young student named jackson john cairney given task buying bodies worth small fortune especially fresh drunken miscreants william burke george rose william hare donald pleasence discover lodger burke boarding died owing rent find body handsome profit begin career murdering locals selling medical school jackson local tavern give burke hare pay involved tempestuous local prostitute mary patterson billie whitelaw well known killers time jackson mitchell begin suspect bodies supplied burke hare victims foul play despite concerns dr knox dismisses any attempt going police jackson girlfriend mary latest victim jackson discovers body lecture room too killed confronts murderous duo murder well known mentally ill youth melvyn hayes quickly become murder suspects caught angry mob hare agrees turn king evidence against former partner set free though vindictive locals catch burn eyes burke executed hanging complaining dr knox never paid final body knox part killings object widespread public outrage ultimately punished or censured colleagues whom dr mitchell eloquently defends though free continue lecturing ultimately feels guilt part horrors admitting devoted niece martha june laverick murder victims seemed small my scheme things i knew how died film ends knox assumes lectures empty instead finding greeted applause packed hall students apparently changed lecture hippocratic oath includes promise never do harm anyone,horror,drama
"Şahin K. is a wealthy and famous (or, rather, infamous) man who is discontented with his life. All he wants is to leave behind his past in Germany, wipe the slate clean and start leading a normal, low profile life in the southwest coastal town of Bodrum. In the meantime, he is also trying to win back his estranged son, who turned his back on him years ago because of his infamous career. However, as Şahin K. strives to win back his son, he unwillingly becomes a local hero to whom the entire town turns to get their problems solved.",ahin k wealthy famous or rather infamous discontented life wants leave behind past germany wipe slate clean start leading normal low profile life southwest coastal town bodrum meantime trying win estranged son turned years ago infamous career ahin k strives win son unwillingly local hero whom entire town turns problems solved,comedy,drama
"The story is narrated by the Balladeer (Waylon Jennings), who introduces and comments on the story of cousins, Grady and Bobby Lee Hagg, who run bootleg liquor for their uncle Jesse Hagg of Shiloh County. Uncle Jesse is a Baptist who knows the Bible better than the local preacher. He has been a widower since Aunt Libby died ten years ago. He still makes liquor, according to his granddaddy's granddaddy's recipe, in stills named Molly and Beulah. Every drop is aged two years, and bottled in glass (never plastic). The Haggs have been making their recipe since before the Revolutionary War, and Jesse only sells to a friend in nearby Florence to ensure that his liquor is never blended with any other. Bobby Lee (also called Lee) is a smart-mouthed schemer, named for Confederate General Robert E. Lee. In the opening, Bobby Lee is placed in the Pikkens County jail for a bar fight at the Boar's Nest. On his way home, he helps Beth Ann Eubanks, who is on the run from family trouble in Mississippi. Uncle Jesse lodges her at his home, and Lee courts her. Grady is a laconic Romeo who drives their 1955 Chevrolet stock car (#54, named Traveller after General Lee's horse). It is briefly mentioned that Grady probably has a number of children around Shiloh and Tennessee. (In the pilot episode of The Dukes of Hazzard, One Armed Bandits, Bo half-jokes that half of the children in the local orphanage could be cousin Luke's, though this and similar concepts were quickly dropped as the series found its more family-friendly tone). The cousins take Beth to the next race at the local track. The other stock car drivers include good ol' boy Zeebo, and Zeebo's lackey Cooter Pettigrew. Zeebo (driving #31) and Cooter (driving #28) team up to beat Grady in the race, leading to a moonlit bootlegger road race between Bobby Lee and Zeebo. The county boss is Jake Rainey, a friend of Jesse's from the old days when they both bootlegged for Jesse's father in 1934, and owner the local bar and brothel. Jake has control of all the other moonshine in the county, and sells it to the New York Syndicate (mob). He needs Jesse's supply to fill an order, but Jesse will not sell to Jake since Jake would mix it with lesser quality liquor. To get at Jesse’s supply, Jake uses Sheriff Rosco Coltrane, to harass the cousins. At the same time he uses Zeebo, and Reba (Jake’s wife who is having an affair with Grady) to goad the boys into a trap. During these events, Uncle Jesse calls Jake hog (effectively making Jake Boss Hogg) as a put-down. Uncle Jesse dies after attempting to make a moonshine run. The cousins, who are on probation and cannot own guns, use a bow with explosive arrows to put Jake Rainey's moonshining factory out of business.",story narrated balladeer waylon jennings introduces comments story cousins grady bobby lee hagg run bootleg liquor uncle jesse hagg shiloh county uncle jesse baptist knows bible better than local preacher widower since aunt libby died ten years ago makes liquor according granddaddy granddaddy recipe stills named molly beulah every drop aged years bottled glass never plastic haggs making recipe since revolutionary war jesse sells friend nearby florence ensure liquor never blended any bobby lee called lee smart mouthed schemer named confederate general robert e lee opening bobby lee placed pikkens county jail bar fight boar nest home helps beth ann eubanks run family trouble mississippi uncle jesse lodges home lee courts grady laconic romeo drives chevrolet stock car named traveller general lee horse briefly mentioned grady probably number children around shiloh tennessee pilot episode dukes hazzard armed bandits bo half jokes half children local orphanage could cousin luke though similar concepts were quickly dropped series found family friendly tone cousins beth race local track stock car drivers include good ol boy zeebo zeebo lackey cooter pettigrew zeebo driving cooter driving team beat grady race leading moonlit bootlegger road race bobby lee zeebo county boss jake rainey friend jesse old days bootlegged jesse owner local bar brothel jake control moonshine county sells york syndicate mob needs jesse supply fill order jesse sell jake since jake would mix lesser quality liquor jesse s supply jake uses sheriff rosco coltrane harass cousins same time uses zeebo reba jake s wife affair grady goad boys trap these events uncle jesse calls jake hog effectively making jake boss hogg put uncle jesse dies attempting moonshine run cousins probation cannot guns use bow explosive arrows put jake rainey moonshining factory business,action,western
"Young peer and junior member of the Foreign Office Mark St. Neots (John Justin) is obsessed with the memory of Sylvia (Moira Shearer), a 16-year-old redhead he met at a party as a boy, and vowed he would love forever. Now older and respectably married, Mark still retains his image of the beautiful young girl with the red hair, and spends the rest of his life searching for her, through a string of casual affairs.",young peer junior member foreign office mark st neots john justin obsessed memory sylvia moira shearer year old redhead met party boy vowed would love forever older respectably married mark retains image beautiful young girl red hair spends rest life searching string casual affairs,comedy,drama
"While researching his latest novel I Conquered the Desert in North Africa, Reggie Blake (Terry-Thomas) finds himself lost in the desert. Rescued by a Bedouin tribe, and finally shipped home, Reggie enthusiastically adopts Bedouin dress and customs, much to the frustration of his wife (Janette Scott). Fran declares herself unnable to live with him, so they split their home down the middle. There is further drama when Reggie's publisher (Wilfrid Hyde-White) rejects his new novel out of hand.",researching latest novel i conquered desert north africa reggie blake terry thomas lost desert rescued bedouin tribe finally shipped home reggie enthusiastically adopts bedouin dress customs much frustration wife janette scott fran declares herself unnable live split home middle further drama reggie publisher wilfrid hyde white rejects novel hand,comedy,drama
"In the poor Adelaide suburb of Salisbury North, 16-year-old Jamie (Lucas Pittaway) lives with his distressed mother, Elizabeth Harvey (Louise Harris), and his brothers — including Troy (Anthony Groves), who rapes Jamie. One day, his mother's boyfriend takes indecent photographs of the boys. When the police are reluctant to intervene, Elizabeth is contacted by Barry (Richard Green), a gay cross-dressing man who introduces her to John (Daniel Henshall). John, who despises paedophiles and homosexuals, continually harasses the boyfriend via means such as throwing kangaroo's blood at his house until he moves away. John begins to assume the role of Jamie's father figure. Barry tells John the names and addresses of paedophiles in the area, and John creates a wall with pictures and details about each, including notes saying things like I'm coming for you. Jamie finds himself slowly drawn into John's homophobic and violent tendencies, unable to escape his charismatic and intimidating dominance. On one occasion, John, aware that Jamie is being raped by his brother Troy, wants Jamie to stand up for himself, and in pursuit of this, gives him a gun and has Jamie shoot his dog. John meanwhile influences the rest of the neighbourhood with his extremely homophobic views, and separates Barry from his younger boyfriend Robert (Aaron Viergever). Only Troy seems to dislike John. Barry soon disappears, leaving behind only an answering machine message saying that he is going to Queensland. John brings Jamie in as the neophyte member of his small team who bury men. Shortly afterward, Jamie visits his drug-addicted best friend Gavin (Bob Adriaens) with John, who takes a dislike to Gavin. Later one night, John and Robert take Jamie into his garden shed and show him the bodies of Barry and Gavin. Distressed, Jamie lashes out at John but remains under his influence. When John learns that Jamie has been abused by Troy, he and Robert torture Troy. Jamie later kills the brutalised Troy in an act of mercy. Now desensitized, Jamie assists John in carrying out several murders. John and his team store the bodies in the vault of an abandoned bank in the town of Snowtown. Jamie is persuaded by John to lure his half-brother Dave (Beau Gosling) to the bank building, ostensibly to look at a computer for sale. Jamie drives with him to the town, vaguely conscious of what he is doing, and leads Dave into the building, where he is met by John and Robert. Unaware of what is going on, Dave watches Jamie shut the door of the bank. Against a black screen, captions reveal that South Australian Police discovered the remains of eight people stored in barrels in the bank vault of Snowtown on 20 May 1999, and the following day, John Bunting and Robert Wagner were arrested.",poor adelaide suburb salisbury north year old jamie lucas pittaway lives distressed mother elizabeth harvey louise harris brothers including troy anthony groves rapes jamie day mother boyfriend indecent photographs boys police reluctant intervene elizabeth contacted barry richard green gay cross dressing introduces john daniel henshall john despises paedophiles homosexuals continually harasses boyfriend via means such throwing kangaroo blood until moves john assume role jamie figure barry john names addresses paedophiles area john creates wall pictures details each including notes saying things like i am coming you jamie slowly drawn john homophobic violent tendencies unable escape charismatic intimidating dominance occasion john aware jamie raped brother troy wants jamie stand pursuit gives gun jamie shoot dog john influences rest neighbourhood extremely homophobic views separates barry younger boyfriend robert aaron viergever troy seems dislike john barry disappears leaving behind answering machine message saying going queensland john brings jamie neophyte member small team bury men shortly afterward jamie visits drug addicted best friend gavin bob adriaens john dislike gavin night john robert jamie garden shed show bodies barry gavin distressed jamie lashes john remains under influence john learns jamie abused troy robert torture troy jamie kills brutalised troy act mercy desensitized jamie assists john carrying several murders john team store bodies vault abandoned bank town snowtown jamie persuaded john lure half brother dave beau gosling bank building ostensibly look computer sale jamie drives town vaguely conscious doing leads dave building met john robert unaware going dave watches jamie shut door bank against black screen captions reveal south australian police discovered remains eight people stored barrels bank vault snowtown may following day john bunting robert wagner were arrested,crime,horror
"The story starts by showing a happy family, who include Sujay, Ajay and Bijay. Sujay worked in the factory of Bhuban Choudhury. Ajay wanted to become an IPS officer. An unemployed Bijay was searching for a job. Sujay's wife Anjali looked after all the needs of his two siblings. Rahim was a very close friend of Sujay, who was very connected to his family members. One day, a worker in Sujay's factory loses a hand in an accident at work. Seeing this, Sujay advised Bhuban to give compensation to the worker's family, to which Bhuban refused. To protest this, Sujay calls a strike. Meanwhile, Ajay fell in love with Bhuban's daughter, Swati, and they eloped against the will of Sujay. An angry Sujay ordered Ajay to leave the house and a serious dispute takes place between Anjali and Swati, only resulting in abuses offered by Sujay to Ajay. After this incident, Ajay left the house with Swati. Bijay went to a bank for a job interview when suddenly the bank was attacked by some robbers. Seeing this, Bijay showed great courage by tackling the robbers and he became successful in saving everyone in the bank. A young lady named Sharmila was there, and she and Bijay fell in love. Sharmila's father Mr. Bakshi, who was a Colonel, invited Bijay to join the Indian Army. In the meantime, Bhuban Choudhury, who was attempting to take revenge on Sujay, brought fake claims against him, due to which everyone in the factory misunderstood him. Later, Sujay saw an illegal activity going on in the factory. Bhuban Choudhury was involved in a drug smuggling business with Singh, a dangerous criminal. Bhuban and Singh learn that their deeds were witnessed by Sujay. They kidnap Sujay and murder him. Bijay and Rahim were determined to take revenge on Bhuban and Singh after this event. The film ends as they kill the two criminals and surrender themselves to the police.[3]",story starts showing happy family include sujay ajay bijay sujay worked factory bhuban choudhury ajay wanted become ips officer unemployed bijay searching job sujay wife anjali looked needs siblings rahim very close friend sujay very connected family members day worker sujay factory loses hand accident work seeing sujay advised bhuban give compensation worker family bhuban refused protest sujay calls strike ajay fell love bhuban daughter swati eloped against sujay angry sujay ordered ajay leave serious dispute place anjali swati resulting abuses offered sujay ajay incident ajay left swati bijay went bank job interview suddenly bank attacked robbers seeing bijay showed great courage tackling robbers became successful saving everyone bank young lady named sharmila bijay fell love sharmila mr bakshi colonel invited bijay join indian army meantime bhuban choudhury attempting revenge sujay brought fake claims against due everyone factory misunderstood sujay saw illegal activity going factory bhuban choudhury involved drug smuggling business singh dangerous criminal bhuban singh learn deeds were witnessed sujay kidnap sujay murder bijay rahim were determined revenge bhuban singh event film ends kill criminals surrender themselves police,romance,action
"Ravi (Ravi Teja) works as an assistant director and Narayana (M. S. Narayana) as co-director for director Idly Viswanath(Brahmanandam) in the Telugu film industry. During the shooting Ravi meets Sandhya (Siya Gautham), a group dancer. Sandhya' s sister Surekha (Surekha Vani) get married to Rambabu (Krishna Bhagavaan) who harasses her only to exploit Sandhya. Ravi narrates an interesting story to the producer (Sayaji Shinde). But he is not ready to take the risk with a debutant director like Ravi. Meanwhile, a rich goon Yadu (Supreet Reddy), who usurps prime lands casts his eyes on Sandhya and Rambabu tries to make use of this in his favour. At this juncture, Ravi narrates the story to hero Mallik (Subbaraju) who also expresses his doubts regarding its feasibility. When Ravi pleads for a chance, he agrees for a trial shoot and they seek the help of Sandhya and other friends. Popular director VV Vinayak asks Ravi for a heroine. Having seen Sandhya's performance in the trial shoot, he books her. When Sandhya becomes a heroine, Rambabu ignores Yadu. Mallik impressed with the trial shoot, convinces the producer. The producer had suffered much loss due to Idly vishwanath's film. The film shooting begins with Mallik as hero and Sandhya as heroine. At this time, an item dancer Mumaith (Mumaith Khan), who had an affair with Mallik attempts suicide and is raped. This and the paucity of funds puts the project in trouble. Yadu comes forward to finance the project. But once the shooting is over Ravi finds his name missing in the titles. Eventually he teaches Yadu a lesson and replaces the name.",ravi ravi teja works assistant director narayana m s narayana co director director idly viswanath brahmanandam telugu film industry shooting ravi meets sandhya siya gautham group dancer sandhya s sister surekha surekha vani married rambabu krishna bhagavaan harasses exploit sandhya ravi narrates interesting story producer sayaji shinde ready risk debutant director like ravi rich goon yadu supreet reddy usurps prime lands casts eyes sandhya rambabu use favour juncture ravi narrates story hero mallik subbaraju expresses doubts regarding feasibility ravi pleads chance agrees trial shoot seek sandhya friends popular director vv vinayak ravi heroine seen sandhya performance trial shoot books sandhya heroine rambabu ignores yadu mallik impressed trial shoot convinces producer producer suffered much loss due idly vishwanath film film shooting mallik hero sandhya heroine time item dancer mumaith mumaith khan affair mallik attempts suicide raped paucity funds puts project trouble yadu forward finance project once shooting ravi name missing titles teaches yadu lesson replaces name,action,romance
"After his business partner leaves him penniless, Parvati's husband passes away, leaving behind two sons, Prabhakar (Satyen Kappu), Sudhakar (Jeetendra) and a dumb daughter Gauri (Meena T.), on the verge of destitution. When Prabhakar grows up, he marries Pooja (Kanan Kaushal) and moves out. Meanwhile, as time passes, Sudhakar grows up, completes his schooling, gets a job out of the town and relocates. When Gauri is not allowed to marry Murli (Asrani), she commits suicide and so does Murli, calling for Sudhakar back home. Sudhakar marries wealthy Padma (Leena Chandavarkar) and brings her home. Padma dislikes playing second fiddle even to Parvati leading to disagreements in the household. Padma's pregnancy to fails to resolve any of the problems. Thus the couple relocates to Padma's palatial house in the city, leaving an ailing Parvati on her own. The rest of the film shows how Padma understands the value of family ties, and the brothers, Prabhakar and Sudhakar, get together to unite the family.",business partner leaves penniless parvati husband passes leaving behind sons prabhakar satyen kappu sudhakar jeetendra dumb daughter gauri meena t verge destitution prabhakar grows marries pooja kanan kaushal moves time passes sudhakar grows completes schooling job town relocates gauri allowed marry murli asrani commits suicide murli calling sudhakar home sudhakar marries wealthy padma leena chandavarkar brings home padma dislikes playing second fiddle even parvati leading disagreements household padma pregnancy fails resolve any problems thus couple relocates padma palatial city leaving ailing parvati rest film shows how padma understands value family ties brothers prabhakar sudhakar together unite family,drama,romance
"Riddled with guilt over the loss of his rock star older brother, 16-year-old David Forrester (Ricky Ullman) becomes obsessed with death, leading his misguided parents to send him to Driftwood, an Attitude Adjustment Camp for Troubled Youths run by the sadistic Captain Doug Kennedy (Diamond Dallas Page) and his brutal young henchman, Yates (Talan Torriero). Once there, David becomes haunted by the spirit of Jonathan (Connor Ross), a former inmate who met a mysterious end; a mystery whose resolution could very well be David's only way out.[1]",riddled guilt loss rock star older brother year old david forrester ricky ullman obsessed death leading misguided parents send driftwood attitude adjustment camp troubled youths run sadistic captain doug kennedy diamond dallas page brutal young henchman yates talan torriero once david haunted spirit jonathan connor ross former inmate met mysterious end mystery whose resolution could very well david,horror,drama
The plot tells of Penny's going to work in a munitions factory during World War II and falling in love with Joseph Cotten.[3],plot penny going work munitions factory world war ii falling love joseph cotten,romance,comedy
"Marianne, a nightclub dancer, is on the run from vicious criminals. On her 21st birthday, she will inherit a vast fortune as well as some legal papers that will incriminate her father, a crooked judge. When her father invites Marianne to his estate in Portugal, a game of cat-and-mouse begins.[5]",marianne nightclub dancer run vicious criminals st birthday inherit vast fortune well legal papers incriminate crooked judge invites marianne estate portugal game cat mouse,horror,drama
"In Yorkshire, Tamsin rides her horse and chances upon Mona. Tamsin is from an upper-middle-class family and says she has been suspended from boarding school. Mona comes from a family of criminals with only her brother Phil alive. Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. Mona finds Phil destroying all the booze in their late mother's former pub. He has undergone a religious transformation in prison, and now plans a Christian rally. Mona meets her lover, Ricky, for sex in his car, but he breaks up with her. The next day, the girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking, smoking and talking about their problems. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the house where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin's father's car. Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona's scooter, and they drive to a small river to swim. Under a waterfall, the girls share a kiss. At Tamsin's house Mona tries on her dresses. Tamsin tearfully recounts the anorexia death of her sister Sadie. In the garden, Tamsin plays the cello while Mona dances. Tamsin kisses Mona passionately. Later they have sex. Phil invites the girls to his rally. They join the born-again Christians to erect a cross on a hill. Tamsin acts attracted to Phil. Later, Mona and Tamsin find a bag of magic mushrooms in Sadie's room. They eat the mushrooms and go to a dancehall where they disturb the patrons. They return to the river and declare their eternal love to each other, swearing a death oath. Tamsin pretends to seduce Phil, but he reacts angrily. He locks Mona in her room. Mona fakes suicide and then mocks Phil's religious beliefs. Phil kicks out the born-again Christians, while Mona packs a suitcase and leaves for Tamsin. Mona discovers that Tamsin is returning to boarding school. Mona also finds out that Tasmin's lied about her parents and sister. Dejected, Mona goes to the river. Tamsin tells Mona she should have known Tamsin was lying. Seemingly forgiving her, Mona slips into the water, enticing Tamsin to join her, and the two girls kiss again. Mona grabs Tamsin by the throat and pushes her under the water, as if to kill her. Instead, Mona releases Tamsin and walks away.",yorkshire tamsin rides horse chances upon mona tamsin upper middle class family says suspended boarding school mona family criminals brother phil alive girls seem regard lives mundane mona phil destroying booze late mother former pub undergone religious transformation prison plans christian rally mona meets lover ricky sex car breaks day girls begin bond spend day drinking smoking talking problems day tamsin mona tamsin claims cheating mother mona smashes window tamsin car tamsin purchases engine mona scooter drive small river swim under waterfall girls share kiss tamsin mona dresses tamsin tearfully recounts anorexia death sister sadie garden tamsin plays cello mona dances tamsin kisses mona passionately sex phil invites girls rally join born christians erect cross hill tamsin acts attracted phil mona tamsin find bag magic mushrooms sadie room eat mushrooms dancehall disturb patrons return river declare eternal love each swearing death oath tamsin pretends seduce phil reacts angrily locks mona room mona fakes suicide mocks phil religious beliefs phil kicks born christians mona packs suitcase leaves tamsin mona discovers tamsin returning boarding school mona tasmin lied parents sister dejected mona river tamsin mona should known tamsin lying seemingly forgiving mona slips water enticing tamsin join girls kiss mona grabs tamsin throat pushes under water kill instead mona releases tamsin walks,romance,drama
An amateur detective goes on the trail of a gang of violent criminals.[2],amateur detective trail gang violent criminals,drama,crime
"A man named Viktor Kahdem has almost given up on life because he has been sentenced to a low-security prison farm with a non-threatening environment where it still seems like some individuals can be reformed. At Won Wron, a case worker named Matt Perry has established a special kind of program to rehabilitate broken men by giving them the responsibility for rehabilitating injured raptors. Against all odds, Viktor meets Matt and becomes his number one test case and is introduced to Yasmine, the majestic wedge tailed eagle with a 2-metre wingspan. If these two can tame each other, anything is possible.",named viktor kahdem almost given life sentenced low security prison farm non threatening environment seems like individuals reformed won wron case worker named matt perry established special kind program rehabilitate broken men giving responsibility rehabilitating injured raptors against odds viktor meets matt number test case introduced yasmine majestic wedge tailed eagle metre wingspan these tame each anything possible,drama,action
"Julie (Ramya) is a young Christian woman who finds herself pregnant after having sex with Shashi (Dino Morea), a Hindu follower and her childhood sweetheart. Faced with the choice of abortion or carrying the child to term, Julie chooses to keep the pregnancy a secret from Shashi and goes to a convent, where she will deliver the child and put it up for adoption. Afterwards Julie returns home in the hopes that Shashi will marry her now that she does not have a baby, as she thought that he would not have shown an interest in her otherwise. Despite her well-laid plans, Julie finds that things aren't so simple as that. Not only does her brother want her to move to England, but she also meets Richard, a man who doesn't care that she has had a baby out of wedlock. Ultimately Julie manages to reconcile with Shashi and live happily ever after.",julie ramya young christian woman herself pregnant sex shashi dino morea hindu follower childhood sweetheart faced choice abortion or carrying child term julie chooses keep pregnancy secret shashi convent deliver child put adoption afterwards julie returns home hopes shashi marry baby thought would shown interest otherwise despite well laid plans julie things simple brother want move england meets richard care baby wedlock ultimately julie manages reconcile shashi live happily ever,romance,drama
"Tulkalam is a political action film, it is based on land scam in West Bengal. It is an all-time record blockbuster hit movie in the Bengali film industry.[citation needed]",tulkalam political action film based land scam west bengal time record blockbuster hit movie bengali film industry citation needed,romance,drama
"Ramesh (Jeetendra) starts managing the office of an industrialist who strongly suspects his relatives to be looting him. Ramesh finds the culprit and keeps a tight leash on everything happening in the office, thereby earning the wrath of the industrialist's relatives. Ramesh and Nisha (Jaya Prada) the industrialist's daughter initially find themselves at loggerheads, but eventually, fall in love with each other. The industrialist is happy about this development until he sees Ramesh cheating on his daughter. He fires Ramesh the very same day. The industrialist is murdered and Nisha also sees Ramesh in her house that same night. Ramesh is dragged to court and is shortly framed for murder. Nisha is upset, and the ill-intentioned relatives start closing their net around her, forcing her to marry Shakti Kapoor (the son of two of the industrialist's relatives). In the meantime, the grief-stricken Ramesh meets another person named Gangu (also Jeetendra) in jail who looks exactly like him. Together Ramesh and Gangu plan to punish the culprits and set the record straight.",ramesh jeetendra starts managing office industrialist strongly suspects relatives looting ramesh culprit keeps tight leash everything happening office thereby earning wrath industrialist relatives ramesh nisha jaya prada industrialist daughter initially find themselves loggerheads fall love each industrialist happy development until sees ramesh cheating daughter fires ramesh very same day industrialist murdered nisha sees ramesh same night ramesh dragged court shortly framed murder nisha upset ill intentioned relatives start closing net around forcing marry shakti kapoor son industrialist relatives meantime grief stricken ramesh meets person named gangu jeetendra jail looks exactly like together ramesh gangu plan punish culprits set record straight,drama,romance
"Darryl Palmer is a baseball player for the Atlanta Braves. He enjoys the fame and fringe benefits of bachelor life until he meets rock singer Debby Huston, falls in love and decides to settle down. Debby isn't ready to put her professional hopes on hold. But from the moment Darryl meets her, his own career takes off. He begins a full assault on baseball's single-season home run record of 61 (at that time) and considers Debby a good-luck charm, wanting her to be there at his games. Manager Burly DeVito appreciates that Darryl has found a settling influence in his life, but teammates Moose Granger and Manny Alvarado become increasingly aware of how obsessed Darryl is with Debby and how unhappy she has become. She feels smothered by her husband, who interferes with her career ambitions and goes into a jealous funk whenever she goes on the road. The happy couple breaks up, to the detriment of Darryl's game and his pursuit of one of baseball's greatest feats. He begins to fail on a regular basis and the team's playoff chances could be in jeopardy. Burly and his players concoct a plan to have another woman, hidden by shadows, pretend to be Darryl's wife, telling him everything he wants to hear. It works temporarily, then backfires. Debby comes back to try to work things out. Darryl does indeed hit his record-breaking home run, but it remains uncertain whether the couple's relationship can ever be what it once was.",darryl palmer baseball player atlanta braves enjoys fame fringe benefits bachelor life until meets rock singer debby huston falls love decides settle debby ready put professional hopes hold moment darryl meets career full assault baseball single season home run record time considers debby good luck charm wanting games manager burly devito appreciates darryl found settling influence life teammates moose granger manny alvarado become increasingly aware how obsessed darryl debby how unhappy become feels smothered husband interferes career ambitions jealous funk whenever road happy couple breaks detriment darryl game pursuit baseball greatest feats fail regular basis team playoff chances could jeopardy burly players concoct plan woman hidden shadows pretend darryl wife telling everything wants hear works temporarily backfires debby try work things darryl indeed hit record breaking home run remains uncertain whether couple relationship ever once,romance,drama
"In a recapitulation of the series cliffhanger, Alien Nation: Dark Horizon begins with Susan Francisco and her daughter Emily falling victim to a newly developed viral infection that was created by a group of human Purists to exterminate the Newcomer species. There is also a new sub-plot running parallel to this one, the story of Ahpossno, a Tenctonese Overseer who lands on Earth to find any surviving Tenctonese and bring them back into slavery. The idea of a signal sent into space by the surviving Overseers was explored in the Alien Nation episode Contact. (The series episode ended with contaminated flowers being delivered to the Francisco family and Cathy informing Matt that they have been hospitalised. However Dark Horizon seems to retcon the end of the previous episode by having similar events taking place at the beginning of the episode which seems to be set 4 years later.",recapitulation series cliffhanger alien nation dark horizon susan francisco daughter emily falling victim newly developed viral infection created group human purists exterminate newcomer species sub plot running parallel story ahpossno tenctonese overseer lands earth find any surviving tenctonese bring slavery idea signal sent space surviving overseers explored alien nation episode contact series episode ended contaminated flowers delivered francisco family cathy informing matt hospitalised dark horizon seems retcon end previous episode similar events taking place beginning episode seems set years,drama,sci-fi
"Daphne Reynolds lives a comfortable but unsatisfying life as a young American girl with a bright future. She has never met her father. She lives with her single mother, Libby above a Chinese Restaurant in Chinatown, New York. Believing it is in his best interest, her mother had left Daphne's father seventeen years earlier because of his family's disapproval of their relationship; ultimately, his father's secretary threw her out of the house, without Libby having a chance to tell him that she was pregnant with their daughter. Daphne flies to London to get to know her father, Lord Henry Dashwood, who recently inherited an Earldom but has disclaimed his seat in the House of Lords to run for election to the House of Commons, hoping eventually to become Prime Minister, with the backing of Alistair Payne, his fiancee's father. At a hotel, she meets Ian Wallace, a local boy. She notices her father on the television during a news broadcast, and tells Ian that the politician is her father. When Henry is informed of the existence of the daughter he never knew existed, he embraces the opportunity to connect with her at the urging of his mother Jocelyn. Her appearance causes a controversy that endangers his political ambitions. Daphne tries to win the acceptance of her father's social circle but is repeatedly thwarted by his snobby, gold-digging fiancée, Glynnis Payne, and equally snobby step-daughter-to-be, Clarissa Payne. Daphne has to ward off the advances of Armistead Stewart, a sleazy upper-class boy whom Clarissa fancies. In the end, Daphne ends up throwing him into the Thames at the Henley Regatta when he tries to kiss her. After Daphne's behavior (and Henry's subsequent misbehavior with her) catches the public eye, Henry's political campaign suffers. He reminds her of the Dashwood lineage and asks her to assume a more dignified manner. To please her father and his social circle, she abandons her old style and dons an upper-class sophisticated look, and is noted in the British newspapers. Due to her changing herself, Ian is disappointed and leaves when they were supposed to go to a concert which Daphne forgot about. During her coming-out party hosted by her father, she overhears Alastair talking to Glynnis about having got rid of Daphne's mother seventeen years ago, and how he thought he would have to do the same thing with Daphne. After Daphne tries to confront him, Glynnis grabs Daphne and locks her up. Glynnis then asks the band's lead singer, Ian, to announce the father-daughter dance. Glynnis, knowing that Daphne is locked up, uses this as a ploy to get Henry to dance with Clarissa. Libby rescues Daphne, but it is too late; Daphne witnesses Henry dancing with Clarissa. Daphne rejects her new self because it is not who she is. She returns to America, and restarts working as a waitress. Henry announces in an election meeting that he is no longer going to pursue his political career. On the steps on his way out, he discovers that Alastair knew about Libby's pregnancy. Henry punches Alastair in the face for concealing Daphne's existence. He then breaks off his engagement to Glynnis. Daphne is serving at a wedding in America, and the father-daughter dance begins. She thinks of Henry and what she left behind, and just then, Henry shows up by boat after a flight from London. After asking what he's doing there, Henry informs Daphne that, while on the plane, he wrote down something that he had to tell her at least two hundred times, but is unable to find the papers. He then says that he loves her for who she is and wouldn't change one hair on her head. Daphne, overjoyed, accepts his love and instead of calling him Henry, refers to him as Dad. She finally gets the father-daughter dance she has been longing for her whole life, while Libby watches. Realizing that he still loves Libby, Henry informs Daphne that he has a rather large present for her. Ian shows up and cuts in. As he and Daphne dance, Henry goes to see Libby. He apologizes to her, Libby accepts his apology, and they kiss. In the epilogue, Glynnis gets married to a wealthy nobleman and Clarissa marries Armistead Stuart (who still has a wandering eye). Alastair becomes a tour guide in London. Libby and Henry are married in a Bedouin ceremony. This time they make sure it is legal. Daphne gets into Oxford. As the credits start to roll, Daphne, Ian, Henry, Libby, and Jocelyn have a family meal outside the Dashwood manor.",daphne reynolds lives comfortable unsatisfying life young american girl bright future never met lives single mother libby above chinese restaurant chinatown york believing best interest mother left daphne seventeen years earlier family disapproval relationship ultimately secretary threw without libby chance tell pregnant daughter daphne flies london know lord henry dashwood recently inherited earldom disclaimed seat lords run election commons hoping become prime minister backing alistair payne fiancee hotel meets ian wallace local boy notices television news broadcast ian politician henry informed existence daughter never knew existed embraces opportunity connect urging mother jocelyn appearance causes controversy endangers political ambitions daphne win acceptance social circle repeatedly thwarted snobby gold digging fianc e glynnis payne equally snobby step daughter clarissa payne daphne ward advances armistead stewart sleazy upper class boy whom clarissa fancies end daphne ends throwing thames henley regatta kiss daphne behavior henry subsequent misbehavior catches public eye henry political campaign suffers reminds dashwood lineage assume dignified manner please social circle abandons old style dons upper class sophisticated look noted british newspapers due changing herself ian disappointed leaves were supposed concert daphne forgot coming party hosted overhears alastair talking glynnis got rid daphne mother seventeen years ago how thought would do same thing daphne daphne confront glynnis grabs daphne locks glynnis band lead singer ian announce daughter dance glynnis knowing daphne locked uses ploy henry dance clarissa libby rescues daphne too late daphne witnesses henry dancing clarissa daphne rejects self returns america restarts working waitress henry announces election meeting longer going pursue political career steps discovers alastair knew libby pregnancy henry punches alastair face concealing daphne existence breaks engagement glynnis daphne serving wedding america daughter dance thinks henry left behind henry shows boat flight london asking doing henry informs daphne plane wrote something tell least hundred times unable find papers says loves would change hair head daphne overjoyed accepts love instead calling henry refers dad finally daughter dance longing whole life libby watches realizing loves libby henry informs daphne rather large present ian shows cuts daphne dance henry see libby apologizes libby accepts apology kiss epilogue glynnis married wealthy nobleman clarissa marries armistead stuart wandering eye alastair tour guide london libby henry married bedouin ceremony time sure legal daphne oxford credits start roll daphne ian henry libby jocelyn family meal outside dashwood manor,comedy,drama
"As a child, Jill Young witnesses the death of her mother, primatologist Ruth Young, and the mother of Joe, an infant mountain gorilla, at the hands of poachers led by Andrei Strasser, who loses his right thumb and trigger finger to Joe, swearing revenge. Twelve years later, Jill has raised Joe, now grown to a height of 15 feet (4.6 m) and weighing 2,000 pounds (910 kg). As a result, other gorillas will not accept him and they are both now living in relative peace until a wildlife refuge director, Gregg O'Hara, convinces Jill they would be safer from poachers if they relocated to the United States. The trio goes to Los Angeles, and win the hearts of the refuge staff at the conservancy, who put Jill in charge of Joe. Jill is approached by Strasser, who is now running a fraudulent animal preserve in Botswana, while actually selling animal organs on the black market. After seeing a news report about Joe, he is eager for revenge. At first Jill does not recognize Strasser, since Strasser's right hand is concealed in his coat pocket. He attempts to convince Jill that Joe would be better off in his wildlife refuge back in Africa. During a gala, Strasser's henchman, Garth, uses a poacher's noisemaker to scare Joe into a frenzy. Joe trashes the gala, with the intention of attacking Strasser, but is captured, and imprisoned in a concrete bunker. When Jill discovers that Joe may be euthanized, she accepts Strasser's offer. She and the refuge staff smuggle Joe out in a truck. Before their departure, Gregg has fallen in love with Jill and kisses her goodbye. On the way to the airport, Jill notices the half-glove covering Strasser's missing fingers and recognizes him. She fights Strasser and Garth, then jumps from the truck onto Hollywood Boulevard, leading to several automobile accidents. Joe sees her and tilts the truck over onto its side and flees. Gregg discovers that Strasser is a poacher and goes after Jill and Joe. He finds Jill, who reveals to Gregg that Strasser killed her mother and now plans to kill Joe. They track Joe to a carnival where he is playfully wreaking havoc. Strasser arrives as well and attempts to shoot Jill, but Garth, appalled at Strasser's ruthlessness, turns against him and saves Jill, causing Strasser to misfire at a spotlight, starting a fire and causing the Ferris wheel to break down. After knocking Garth unconscious, Strasser attempts to kill Jill in person, but Joe sneaks up behind them and throws Strasser onto a power line over a transformer. Short two fingers on the hand holding the wire, Strasser loses his grip and falls onto the transformer, where he is electrocuted to death. Later, at the Santa Monica Pier, Joe attempts to save a child from atop the burning wheel, but the fire burns it down and Joe and the child fall to the ground, where Joe jumps off of the burning wheel, protecting the boy and knocking himself unconscious. Joe survives the fall and awakens and Jill mentions that they need to raise money to open a preserve for him. The young boy named Jason donates some change to Jill after hearing this, prompting the rest of the crowd to contribute. Joe is returned to Uganda where Jill and Gregg open the Joe Young Preserve. Finally free, Joe runs off into the jungle.",child jill young witnesses death mother primatologist ruth young mother joe infant mountain gorilla hands poachers led andrei strasser loses right thumb trigger finger joe swearing revenge twelve years jill raised joe grown height feet m weighing pounds kg result gorillas accept living relative peace until wildlife refuge director gregg o hara convinces jill would safer poachers relocated united states trio los angeles win hearts refuge staff conservancy put jill charge joe jill approached strasser running fraudulent animal preserve botswana actually selling animal organs black market seeing news report joe eager revenge jill recognize strasser since strasser right hand concealed coat pocket attempts convince jill joe would better wildlife refuge africa gala strasser henchman garth uses poacher noisemaker scare joe frenzy joe trashes gala intention attacking strasser captured imprisoned concrete bunker jill discovers joe may euthanized accepts strasser offer refuge staff smuggle joe truck departure gregg fallen love jill kisses goodbye airport jill notices half glove covering strasser missing fingers recognizes fights strasser garth jumps truck onto hollywood boulevard leading several automobile accidents joe sees tilts truck onto side flees gregg discovers strasser poacher jill joe jill reveals gregg strasser killed mother plans kill joe track joe carnival playfully wreaking havoc strasser arrives well attempts shoot jill garth appalled strasser ruthlessness turns against saves jill causing strasser misfire spotlight starting fire causing ferris wheel break knocking garth unconscious strasser attempts kill jill person joe sneaks behind throws strasser onto power line transformer short fingers hand holding wire strasser loses grip falls onto transformer electrocuted death santa monica pier joe attempts save child atop burning wheel fire burns joe child fall ground joe jumps burning wheel protecting boy knocking unconscious joe survives fall awakens jill mentions need raise money open preserve young boy named jason donates change jill hearing prompting rest crowd contribute joe returned uganda jill gregg open joe young preserve finally free joe runs jungle,action,drama
"Now aging and ailing, the one-time celebrated author Leonard Schiller has been forgotten by his readers, literary colleagues, and critics during the decade he has struggled to complete what he knows will be his final novel. When the brash, ambitious Brown University graduate student Heather Wolfe approaches him with a request for access to his thoughts and recollections for the Master's thesis she hopes will reintroduce the public to his work, he initially refuses to cooperate. But the young woman is relentless, and he finally agrees to weekly meetings in which he slowly begins to open up to her as he reluctantly recalls his past. Slightly suspicious of Heather's motives is Leonard's daughter Ariel, a former professional dancer who supports herself by teaching yoga and Pilates. Rapidly approaching forty, Ariel has stopped using birth control with her boyfriend Victor without telling him about her determination to have a baby. When he learns about her plan, she ends their relationship, coincidentally at the same time Ariel's former lover Casey Davis returns to New York City after a five-year absence. He and Ariel had reached an impasse in their relationship because of his refusal to have a child, and as they begin to see each other again, he is quick to let her know his position hasn't changed. The film focuses on these four individuals and their evolution as they are thrust out of their comfort zones and into arenas that force them to examine their lives and decide how much they are willing to compromise and sacrifice their own desires in order to accommodate the demands of others.",aging ailing time celebrated author leonard schiller forgotten readers literary colleagues critics decade struggled complete knows final novel brash ambitious brown university graduate student heather wolfe approaches request access thoughts recollections master thesis hopes reintroduce public work initially refuses cooperate young woman relentless finally agrees weekly meetings slowly open reluctantly recalls past slightly suspicious heather motives leonard daughter ariel former professional dancer supports herself teaching yoga pilates rapidly approaching forty ariel stopped using birth control boyfriend victor without telling determination baby learns plan ends relationship coincidentally same time ariel former lover casey davis returns york city five year absence ariel reached impasse relationship refusal child begin see each quick let know position changed film focuses these four individuals evolution thrust comfort zones arenas force examine lives decide how much willing compromise sacrifice desires order accommodate demands others,romance,drama
"Teja (Rahman (actor)) lives with his family, wife-Sita, brother-Shanker (Dharmendra), and a son-Sunder (Randhir Kapoor). The family live happily. Things take a turn for the worse, after death of Sita. Teja wants to re-marry, and he does so. Now his new wife is Sonia (Sonia Sahni), who comes to live with him at his palatial home with her brother, Laxmidas (Jeevan (actor)). They have a devious agenda of taking over Teja's property. Soon after marriage, misunderstandings arise, and Shanker is asked to leave the house. These misunderstandings involve Sunder, who also is asked to leave the house by Teja. He thinks that his brother and son are conspiring against his newly-wedded wife Soniya. after some years, Sunder has grown up to be a conman, and Shanker became a black-marketeer. Both chacha Shankar and bhatija Sunder meet without knowing each other's identity, and a confrontation takes place. When they realize they are relatives, they decide to expose Sonia, and open Teja's eyes, who is completely blinded by Sonia's love, and will not let anyone to come between them.",teja rahman actor lives family wife sita brother shanker dharmendra son sunder randhir kapoor family live happily things turn worse death sita teja wants re marry wife sonia sonia sahni live palatial home brother laxmidas jeevan actor devious agenda taking teja property marriage misunderstandings arise shanker asked leave these misunderstandings involve sunder asked leave teja thinks brother son conspiring against newly wedded wife soniya years sunder grown conman shanker became black marketeer chacha shankar bhatija sunder meet without knowing each identity confrontation place realize relatives decide expose sonia open teja eyes completely blinded sonia love let anyone,drama,romance
"Coraline Jones and her parents move from Pontiac, Michigan, to their new home in Ashland, Oregon, the dilapidated Pink Palace Apartments. Her eccentric new neighbors include Mr. Bobinsky, Miss Spink and Miss Forcible, and Wyborne Wybie Lovat, the grandson of the landlady. Wybie gives Coraline a button-eyed ragdoll that resembles her. The doll then lures her to a small door in the living room, which is bricked up and can only be unlocked by a button key. That night, a mouse guides her through the door, where the bricks have been replaced by a corridor to the Other World, inhabited by button-eyed doppelgängers of people from her world. Coraline meets her Other Mother and Other Father, who are warmer and more attentive than her real parents. After dinner, she goes to sleep in her Other Bedroom, but awakes in her real bedroom. Despite cryptic warnings from her neighbors, Coraline visits the Other World three times, where she meets the Other Mr. Bobinsky, the Other Miss Spink and Miss Forcible, and the Other Wybie, who has been rendered mute. The cat is the same cat as in the real world, but is able to speak in the Other World. The Other Mother invites Coraline to stay forever, but says a pair of buttons will have to be sewn over her eyes. Horrified, Coraline attempts to flee, but the Other Mother has blocked all the exits to the real world. The cat appears and reveals to her the sinister truth about the Other World and the Other Mother. The Other Mother suddenly grows tall and grotesque and imprisons her behind a mirror. There, Coraline meets the ghosts of previous victims, including the long-lost twin sister of Wybie's grandmother. They tell her that the Other Mother, whom they refer to as the Beldam, created and sent button-eyed rag dolls that resembled them in order to spy on their lives. With the promise of a better life, she lured them into the Other World, where she sewed buttons over their eyes and consumed their lives. To free their souls, their real eyes need to be found. Coraline promises to help. Coraline is suddenly rescued from the mirror by the Other Wybie. He helps her escape back to the real world, but Coraline discovers that her parents are missing. She eventually deduces that they have been kidnapped by the Beldam. The cat advises Coraline to propose a game: if Coraline cannot find her parents and the ghosts' eyes, she will let buttons be sewn over her eyes, but if she can, they will all be set free. The Beldam reluctantly agrees. One by one, Coraline finds the ghosts' eyes in the Other World, now turned nightmarish, from its deranged inhabitants. As she does, the Other Pink Palace Apartments' surroundings gradually disintegrate until only the living room is left. Inside, Coraline sees the Beldam in her arachnoid form. Warned that the Beldam will never let them go, she tricks her into unlocking the door. While the Beldam is distracted, Coraline finds her parents trapped in a snow globe, grabs it, and throws the cat at the Beldam's face. The struggling cat rips her button eyes out. Coraline escapes into the corridor and slams and locks the door shut on the Beldam's hand, severing it. Her parents reappear in the real world, with no memory of what happened. That night, the ghosts warn her to get rid of the button key to prevent the Beldam from accessing the real world. As Coraline prepares to drop it down the well, the severed hand attacks her and tries to drag her back to the Other World. Wybie smashes it with a rock, then throws the pieces and the key into the well and seals it shut. The next day, Coraline and her parents, who have finally finished their work, host a garden party for the neighbors. Coraline also prepares to tell Mrs. Lovat the truth about her twin sister.",coraline jones parents move pontiac michigan home ashland oregon dilapidated pink palace apartments eccentric neighbors include mr bobinsky miss spink miss forcible wyborne wybie lovat grandson landlady wybie gives coraline button eyed ragdoll resembles doll lures small door living room bricked unlocked button key night mouse guides door bricks replaced corridor world inhabited button eyed doppelg ngers people world coraline meets mother warmer attentive than real parents dinner sleep bedroom awakes real bedroom despite cryptic warnings neighbors coraline visits world three times meets mr bobinsky miss spink miss forcible wybie rendered mute cat same cat real world able speak world mother invites coraline stay forever says pair buttons sewn eyes horrified coraline attempts flee mother blocked exits real world cat appears reveals sinister truth world mother mother suddenly grows tall grotesque imprisons behind mirror coraline meets ghosts previous victims including long lost twin sister wybie grandmother tell mother whom refer beldam created sent button eyed rag dolls resembled order spy lives promise better life lured world sewed buttons eyes consumed lives free souls real eyes need found coraline promises coraline suddenly rescued mirror wybie helps escape real world coraline discovers parents missing deduces kidnapped beldam cat advises coraline propose game coraline cannot find parents ghosts eyes let buttons sewn eyes set free beldam reluctantly agrees coraline ghosts eyes world turned nightmarish deranged inhabitants pink palace apartments surroundings gradually disintegrate until living room left inside coraline sees beldam arachnoid form warned beldam never let tricks unlocking door beldam distracted coraline parents trapped snow globe grabs throws cat beldam face struggling cat rips button eyes coraline escapes corridor slams locks door shut beldam hand severing parents reappear real world memory happened night ghosts warn rid button key prevent beldam accessing real world coraline prepares drop well severed hand attacks drag world wybie smashes rock throws pieces key well seals shut day coraline parents finally finished work host garden party neighbors coraline prepares tell mrs lovat truth twin sister,animation,horror
"Geeta (Smita Patil) has been institutionalized as she had suffered mental trauma in her childhood. She is unable to recall the incidents surrounding the trauma, and is unable to get appropriate treatment. Amit (Farooq Shaikh) meets with Geeta, and falls in love with her. She is able to relate to Amit, and the doctors observe some progress in her treatment. Amit and Geeta both fall in love with each other. However, Amit is to marry Neena (Prema Narayan), and Amit's elder brother, Ravi (Shreeram Lagoo) will not permit him to marry a girl with a mental condition. There are only two options left for Amit - run away from home and marry Geeta; or leave Geeta to an uncertain fate, and marry Neena.[1]",geeta smita patil institutionalized suffered mental trauma childhood unable recall incidents surrounding trauma unable appropriate treatment amit farooq shaikh meets geeta falls love able relate amit doctors observe progress treatment amit geeta fall love each amit marry neena prema narayan amit elder brother ravi shreeram lagoo permit marry girl mental condition options left amit run home marry geeta or leave geeta uncertain fate marry neena,drama,romance
"The story is set in Australia in Sydney where Will Henderson (Brett Lee), tall and blonde with a charming smile, who teaches Australian English to immigrants, falls in love with Meera (Tannishtha Chatterjee), a beautiful divorcee Australian woman of Indian origin and a single mother of a 10-year-old girl, Smitha. Meera is smart and independent and has carved out a successful life for herself and her daughter. Meera 's ex-husband Deepak Khurana (Gulshan Grover) had earlier tried to lure and take away infant Smitha with him to India but was nabbed by the police after a complaint by Meera. While Meera's parents (Akash Khurana) and (Supriya Pathak) want to make a good match for her, she is not ready for any relationship. It takes a while before Meera is willing to take a risk by dating Will, despite family pressure to find 'a nice Indian match'; how the situation between Meera and Will develops through a series of ups and down is the focus of the narrative. Smitha confides in Will that she wants to meet her father, to which Will responds by helping her to meet him. But the clever Deepak hatches a plan to leave for India via New Zealand with Smitha. He almost succeeds but is nabbed by the police again after Will reveals to Meera his attempt to help Smitha. Meera lashes out at Will for his folly and tells him that Deepak is gay and a very mean, self-centered man who is least interested in his daughter. Police are informed and block Sydney airport and railway station, ultimately stopping Deepak at the port where he was planning to escape by ship with Smitha. After some misunderstanding, Will decides to quit his job and leave Sydney. Smitha asks her mother to stop Will from leaving since he is a good man at heart. Meera agrees and rushes to the airport to stop Will but finds that the flight has already taken off. She returns home dejectedly but is surprised to find Will there with her parents and daughter Smitha waiting for her.",story set australia sydney henderson brett lee tall blonde charming smile teaches australian english immigrants falls love meera tannishtha chatterjee beautiful divorcee australian woman indian origin single mother year old girl smitha meera smart independent carved successful life herself daughter meera ex husband deepak khurana gulshan grover earlier tried lure infant smitha india nabbed police complaint meera meera parents akash khurana supriya pathak want good match ready any relationship meera willing risk dating despite family pressure find nice indian match how situation meera develops series ups focus narrative smitha confides wants meet responds helping meet clever deepak hatches plan leave india via zealand smitha almost succeeds nabbed police reveals meera attempt smitha meera lashes folly deepak gay very mean self centered least interested daughter police informed block sydney airport railway station ultimately stopping deepak port planning escape ship smitha misunderstanding decides quit job leave sydney smitha mother stop leaving since good heart meera agrees rushes airport stop flight already taken returns home dejectedly surprised find parents daughter smitha waiting,drama,romance
"This adventure story for kids actually revolves around a naughty and adolescent kid, Raja’s (Aryann Bhowmik) adventures during his holidays spent in his home in the picturesque backdrop of North Bengal at the foothills of the mountains. Once, while he is playing with his bunch of friends and kid sister Chhoti (Tathoi Deb), near the forests, he discovers a child, his body covered with festering wounds from rat bites and mice bites, hidden in a big hole in the ground. He finds out from a television news channel that Neel, the son of wealthy parents, has been kidnapped and kept hidden in the hole for a ransom. The chief kidnapper, a sinister character named Pandey is hiding in Raja’s house as Raja’s father, a taxi-driver, is involved in the kidnapping. In a moment of greed, he helped deliver the kidnapped child in his taxi. Pandey panics when he realises that Raja has chanced upon the truth and holds Raja’s family captive in their own house.",adventure story kids actually revolves around naughty adolescent kid raja s aryann bhowmik adventures holidays spent home picturesque backdrop north bengal foothills mountains once playing bunch friends kid sister chhoti tathoi deb near forests discovers child body covered festering wounds rat bites mice bites hidden big hole ground television news channel neel son wealthy parents kidnapped kept hidden hole ransom chief kidnapper sinister character named pandey hiding raja s raja s taxi driver involved kidnapping moment greed helped deliver kidnapped child taxi pandey panics realises raja chanced upon truth holds raja s family captive,romance,action
"When a Kolkata surveillance specialist and his roommate install a small camera in the home of their beautiful neighbor, they somehow become terror suspects in director Buddhadeb Dasgupta's cutting commentary on CCTV society. Yasin (Amitav Bhattacharya) and his roommate Dilip (Prosenjit Chatterjee) are smitten with their beautiful new neighbor Rekha (Sameera Reddy). Innocent pining becomes silent obsession, however, when Dilip decides to install a surveillance camera directly over Rekha's bed. At first Rekha remains blissfully unaware that her privacy has been invaded, but when she finally realizes she's being spied on, her nosy neighbors are forced to go on the run. Little do Yasin and Dilip realize that across town a terrorist cell is plotting their latest attack, and now the local authorities believe that Yasin may be a key part of their diabolical plans.",kolkata surveillance specialist roommate install small camera home beautiful neighbor somehow become terror suspects director buddhadeb dasgupta cutting commentary cctv society yasin amitav bhattacharya roommate dilip prosenjit chatterjee smitten beautiful neighbor rekha sameera reddy innocent pining silent obsession dilip decides install surveillance camera directly rekha bed rekha remains blissfully unaware privacy invaded finally realizes spied nosy neighbors forced run little do yasin dilip realize across town terrorist cell plotting latest attack local authorities believe yasin may key part diabolical plans,romance,drama
"Cold and vicious Tony (Nesbitt) and his more pleasant natured but easily influenced partner-in-crime Frank (Faulkner) hatch a plan to rob bookmaker Joe Carter (Harry Locke) of his takings as he leaves the local dog track. They attack him brutally, then realize to their disgust that the case containing the cash is chained to Joe's wrist. They bundle him unconscious into the back seat of his car and they drive around trying to figure out a way to release the case. They come up with various possible solutions, but nothing works and they end up at Frank's flat, to the horror of Frank's wife Jean (Carol White), who does not want their criminal activities to be brought to her doorstep. They manage to free the case after administering another severe beating to Joe, and decide to get rid of him by dousing him in alcohol and dumping him near the local hospital, where they assume a passer-by will find him and think he has suffered a drunken fall. As they are about to leave the scene, they realize that they have left behind incriminating fingerprints, so have no option but to retrieve the unconscious Joe again. Not knowing what else to do, they go back to Jean's and contact a former male nurse, who after looking at Joe says he will soon be dead. As a last resort, Tony and Frank decide to drive through the night to Birmingham and leave the body there, where there will be nothing to connect the crime to them. They again load Joe into the back seat and set off on the journey in the rainswept night, with Frank becoming increasingly paranoid that every vehicle behind them on the road is on their trail. They are barely out of London when Frank looks in the driving mirror, and to his terror sees the ghostly wide-open eyes of the no longer dead Joe staring reproachfully at him from the back seat. In total panic, Frank drives the car off the road and down an embankment. The crash kills Tony instantly but Frank, seriously injured but alive, manages to crawl clear of the wreckage. The police and ambulance services arrive and confirm Tony's death. The remorse-stricken Frank pleads with them to see if they can help the other passenger, but the car explodes before anything more can be done.",cold vicious tony nesbitt pleasant natured easily influenced partner crime frank faulkner hatch plan rob bookmaker joe carter harry locke takings leaves local dog track attack brutally realize disgust case containing cash chained joe wrist bundle unconscious seat car drive around trying figure release case various possible solutions nothing works end frank flat horror frank wife jean carol white want criminal activities brought doorstep manage free case administering severe beating joe decide rid dousing alcohol dumping near local hospital assume passer find think suffered drunken fall leave scene realize left behind incriminating fingerprints option retrieve unconscious joe knowing else do jean contact former male nurse looking joe says dead last resort tony frank decide drive night birmingham leave body nothing connect crime load joe seat set journey rainswept night frank becoming increasingly paranoid every vehicle behind road trail barely london frank looks driving mirror terror sees ghostly wide open eyes longer dead joe staring reproachfully seat total panic frank drives car road embankment crash kills tony instantly frank seriously injured alive manages crawl clear wreckage police ambulance services arrive confirm tony death remorse stricken frank pleads see passenger car explodes anything done,crime,horror
"Six children are identified by a team of UNESCO researchers investigating child development. The children have extraordinary powers of intellect and are all able to complete a difficult brick puzzle in exactly the same amount of time. British psychologist Tom Lewellin (Ian Hendry) and geneticist David Neville (Alan Badel) are interested in Paul, a London boy whose mother Diana (Sheila Allen) clearly hates the child and insists she was never touched by a man. This is initially dismissed as hysteria and it is implied she has 'loose' morals. But after a while the two men realize that all six children were born without a father and are also capable of telepathy. The children, from various countries – China, India, Nigeria, the Soviet Union, the United States and the UK – are brought to London for a collective study into their advanced intelligence. However the children escape from their embassies and gather at an abandoned church in Southwark, London. They intermittently take mental control of Paul's aunt (Ferris) to help them survive in the derelict church. Meanwhile, the military debates whether or not to destroy them. The children have demonstrated the capacity for telekinesis and construct a complex machine which uses sonic waves as a defensive weapon, which kills several government officials and soldiers. But the military realizes that they only fight back when attacked. After psychologist Tom Lewellin makes a passionate plea asking the group return to their respective embassies, the children obey and murder embassy and military officials before returning to the church. Lewellin urges the government to give the children leeway. However his team of scientists observe the difference between an ordinary human blood cell and the cells of one of the children, thereby implying the children to be non-human, and destined to become a threat to the human race. When authorities try to take control of the children, they are forced to protect themselves. As the situation escalates into a final showdown between the military and the children, one of the scientists postulates that the judgment of the children being alien was incorrect, and that the children's cells are in fact human, advanced by a million years. Meanwhile, the children also imply they have arrived at the decision their presence is incompatible with that of basic humans, and therefore they intend to lower their defences and sacrifice themselves. The military commander recognizes a mistake has been made, and aborts the attack command. However, the command is triggered accidentally by a screwdriver – one of the simplest of basic man's machines. The church is destroyed, and the children are killed.",six children identified team unesco researchers investigating child development children extraordinary powers intellect able complete difficult brick puzzle exactly same amount time british psychologist tom lewellin ian hendry geneticist david neville alan badel interested paul london boy whose mother diana sheila allen clearly hates child insists never touched initially dismissed hysteria implied loose morals men realize six children were born without capable telepathy children various countries china india nigeria soviet union united states uk brought london collective study advanced intelligence children escape embassies gather abandoned church southwark london intermittently mental control paul aunt ferris survive derelict church military debates whether or destroy children demonstrated capacity telekinesis construct complex machine uses sonic waves defensive weapon kills several government officials soldiers military realizes fight attacked psychologist tom lewellin makes passionate plea asking group return respective embassies children obey murder embassy military officials returning church lewellin urges government give children leeway team scientists observe difference ordinary human blood cell cells children thereby implying children non human destined become threat human race authorities try control children forced protect themselves situation escalates final showdown military children scientists postulates judgment children alien incorrect children cells fact human advanced million years children imply arrived decision presence incompatible basic humans therefore intend lower defences sacrifice themselves military commander recognizes mistake made aborts attack command command triggered accidentally screwdriver simplest basic machines church destroyed children killed,horror,sci-fi
"A car carrying four lady lawn bowlers on its way to Nhill is involved in an accident on a deserted road in rural Victoria. Locals, not knowing where the accident was, or who was involved, embark on a journey to assist.",car carrying four lady lawn bowlers nhill involved accident deserted road rural victoria locals knowing accident or involved embark journey assist,comedy,drama
"In the future, mankind has discovered a way to travel faster than light and has built colonies on thousands of planets. With humanity fading and the resources of the universe starting to dwindle, some five hundred billion humans began the long journey back home, to Earth. However, humanity has outgrown its capacity to repatriate that many people and thus began the Homecoming War; where the many factions of humanity battled for a stake on Earth. The war was long and bloody. It did not subside until an authoritarian universal government by the name of the Gaia Sanction declares Earth a sacred planet, and thus forbidden for humanity to repopulate. To prevent various factions of humanity from immigrating back to Earth, an elite wing of the Gaia Fleet was tasked to defend Earth: The Deathshadow Martyr Fleet, led by Harlock. With the assistance of his scientist friend, Tochiro Ōyama, Harlock helped to save a dying advanced alien race called the Nibelung. In return for their help, the Nibelung gave Harlock their advanced technology and helped create the four Deathshadow-class ships with dark matter engines to defend Earth. Harlock's ships were unstoppable and he successfully defended Earth from humanity's influence, until the Gaia Sanction broke their own rules. A peace treaty was created to prevent future bloodshed from various factions of humanity, however, it was under the condition that the diplomatic elite would be allowed to immigrate. Unfortunately, this didn't sit well with Harlock as he felt it was a betrayal of what he believed in. He also saw in this the hypocrisy of the Gaia Sanction. Enraged, Harlock broke rank, opened fire on the immigrants, and turned his guns upon his own fleet. With only the Arcadia now under his command, the ship was badly damaged, Tochiro seemingly killed, and they were being boarded. In a high-risk gamble for survival and protection of the Earth, Harlock asked Miime (Nibelung observer and engineer of his ship) to unleash dark matter upon the Earth to protect it from humanity. Sadly, the gamble was made at a terrible cost and the other three Deathshadow-Class ships were destroyed. The dark matter was uncontrollable and it decimated the Earth and life was no longer sustainable. Engulfed in dark matter, the Arcadia managed to survive the incident, but returned out of the dark clouds forever changed. Harlock's body had been immortalized and Tochiro's consciousness seemingly lived on in the ship's computer, giving the Arcadia its reputation of being a cursed ship. Vowing to atone for his sin, Harlock is now a rogue pirate with a personal mission to turn back the hands of time. 100 years has passed and Captain Harlock remains at large. Gaia had covered up the real condition of Earth, with a giant holographic optical camouflage, to maintain their power. With his own crew of rogues, Harlock has taken 100 detonators from the Gaia Sanction in attempts to start over. Admiral of the Gaia Fleet, Isora, got his younger brother, Yama, to help him take down Harlock. Several years earlier, Yama became angry after his mother's favorite flower dies, and accidentally destroys the whole greenhouse. The accident paralyzed Isora in that it had decimated their mutual childhood love, Nami. Nami was critically injured to the point of death, but survives only with the help of a medical pod. However, through their advanced technology, she's able to live and interact with the brothers as a living hologram. Desperate to make restitution to Isora, Yama agreed to infiltrate the Arcadia and its crew to stop Harlock's schemes. However, things became complicated. Yama successfully infiltrated Harlock's crew, but unknown to him, Harlock and Miime always knew he was a mole. During a mission to install the 99th dimensional oscillator, Yama learned from Kei (crew member) that Harlock's plan to start over is by opening the time nodes to alter history and create a better time line. The mission turned awry when they realized they landed on a giant worm and Harlock came to rescue Yama. It was then Yama was about to execute Harlock, but in a life and death situation, Yama decided to cooperate with Harlock so both could survive. Thus they escaped the planet. Back on board the Arcadia, Harlock gave his gun to Yama, telling him to use it against him after freeing himself of the bonds tying him down -- if he still wants to kill him later. Yama's undercover identity was never exposed to the rest of the crew. Harlock's words convinced Yama to follow Harlock's plans, causing Yama to defect. The Gaia Sanction learned of Harlock's intentions of heading towards Earth and they permitted Isora to use the Kaleido Star System, a superweapon used to destroy neutron stars, to stop Harlock. Harlock then used hologram projections of the Arcadia to disguise his movements and evade the Gaia fleet near Pluto. He is eventually spotted near Saturn and Isora takes the 2nd Fleet and the Kaleido Star System to stop him. The Arcadia is seemingly destroyed by the Kaleido Star System, but it turns out to be another hologram. The real Arcadia, hidden in an Asteroid, then reveals itself in the fleet's rear and destroys most of the 2nd Fleet before ramming into Isora's flagship, the Oceanus, to take them hostage. Once at Earth and past the great illusion, the crew was horrified at what has become of their Earth. It was during this time that both Isora and Miime divulged the origins of Harlock and the true nature of starting over: Harlock intends to unlock the Nodes of Time to destroy the current universe and rebirth a new one -- Genesis. Shocked by the truth, Yama now sides with Isora and even the Arcadia itself starts moving away from Earth. Yama then helps Isora and the crew of the Oceanus, held captive on the Arcadia, to escape and take over the Arcadia. With the ship and crew imprisoned, Isora confronts Nami for informing Yama of his tactical plans (which was used against him in the earlier battle) and her love for Yama. Nami wanted to release the hatred and anger within Isora and realized the source of his torment wasn't because of Yama, but because of her. Nami tells him she only loved Yama, which enrages Isora to the point of pulling the plug to her life support pod. As Nami is dying, she admits that she lied to Isora and she always loved him. Isora makes up the excuse that Nami used a compromised system to record a hologram message for Yama, which caused her life support pod to malfunction and gives Yama the hologram message that she recorded. Yama doesn't believe Isora, but the guards hold him back as the hologram message plays after dropping on the floor. Haunted by Nami's death, Yama returns to the decimated Earth only to find a sign that life still thrives there when he discovers a meadow of white flowers. The Gaia Sanction planned a public execution for Harlock and his crew; they are to be destroyed within the Arcadia by a large particle machine. However, the execution was halted when Yama appeared and released the crew of the Arcadia. In the process, he also destroyed the particle machine. Yama told the crew that he was wrong, but so was Harlock; now he wants to show the crew something he found on Earth. While still having trust issues with Yama, the crew had no choice but to follow his lead for freedom. At Harlock's cell, Yama reveals what he had found on Earth. The flower meant that Earth is trying to recover on its own and it might be the starting over that Harlock wanted. Emotionally touched at the significance of this miraculous find, Harlock believes he's found his freedom. Harlock intends to expose the truth of Earth and escapes with the Arcadia. Near Earth's proximity, the Gaia Fleet intercepts the Arcadia. Using its advanced speed and firepower, the Arcadia evaded destruction and successfully destroyed the hologram emitters that falsely portrayed Earth. Yattaran (crew member) managed to hack through Gaia's networks for Yama to reveal the truth to humanity, but also conveyed a message of hope that life would continue. The exposed truth of Earth's condition took away any leverage the Gaia Sanction had over its reign. Desperate to contain the situation, the Imperial Father (leader of Gaia) decided to vaporize Earth with a powerful particle cannon called the Jovian Blaster. Isora realized the Earth would be destroyed as the Arcadia was too close. Therefore, he decided to ram the Arcadia with the Oceanus and push it away from Earth. Both ships then boarded each other and there are many casualties on both sides. Yama then confronted Isora on the Oceanus's bridge, the two fought and Isora shot at Yama's face, causing him to lose his right eye and have a scar similar to Harlock. Isora almost killed Yama, but Harlock shot him from behind and mortally wounds Isora. It was then Isora warned them about the Jovian Blaster and Harlock remarked that Isora was the only one who remained faithful to Earth. Harlock then asked Miime to unleash the full dark matter energies of the ship. When the Jovian Blaster fired, the Arcadia created a powerful shield that distorted the blast. Plus, the Oceanus's ramming had moved the Arcadia so that the Jovian Blaster missed the Earth. Yama later took Isora on board the Arcadia. As he was dying, he explained that he saved Earth because it had the flowers that Nami and their mother loved. After getting a glimpse of the flower, Isora died in Yama's arms while the Arcadia crash-landed on Earth. Once on the planet, Harlock dropped his 100th detonator. Harlock pointed his gun at Yama and remarked that the Earth will eventually recover, but it will likely re-spark another Homecoming War; but, Harlock suggested they could prevent it by unraveling the Nodes of Time. However, believing that this world is a gift from Nami and Isora, Yama didn't want the world to end and similarly pointed his gun at Harlock. Harlock liked his answer and he gave the detonator to Yama and gave him the power to end humanity and the universe if another disaster like the Homecoming War happens again. Harlock, with high self-esteem, remarks that so long as mankind exists, so will the myth of how Captain Harlock resented the government, destroyed the Earth once, and almost ended the Universe, for all of eternity. Yama was given an eye-patch and he accepted the legacy of being the next Captain Harlock. As Gaia's fleet confronts the Arcadia again, the crew wakes up, seemingly healed by the dark matter power plant, and the Arcadia takes off and escapes into space, leaving the meadow of white flowers behind.",future mankind discovered travel faster than light built colonies thousands planets humanity fading resources universe starting dwindle five hundred billion humans began long journey home earth humanity outgrown capacity repatriate many people thus began homecoming war many factions humanity battled stake earth war long bloody did subside until authoritarian universal government name gaia sanction declares earth sacred planet thus forbidden humanity repopulate prevent various factions humanity immigrating earth elite wing gaia fleet tasked defend earth deathshadow martyr fleet led harlock assistance scientist friend tochiro yama harlock helped save dying advanced alien race called nibelung return nibelung gave harlock advanced technology helped create four deathshadow class ships dark matter engines defend earth harlock ships were unstoppable successfully defended earth humanity influence until gaia sanction broke rules peace treaty created prevent future bloodshed various factions humanity under condition diplomatic elite would allowed immigrate unfortunately did sit well harlock felt betrayal believed saw hypocrisy gaia sanction enraged harlock broke rank opened fire immigrants turned guns upon fleet arcadia under command ship badly damaged tochiro seemingly killed were boarded high risk gamble survival protection earth harlock asked miime nibelung observer engineer ship unleash dark matter upon earth protect humanity sadly gamble made terrible cost three deathshadow class ships were destroyed dark matter uncontrollable decimated earth life longer sustainable engulfed dark matter arcadia managed survive incident returned dark clouds forever changed harlock body immortalized tochiro consciousness seemingly lived ship computer giving arcadia reputation cursed ship vowing atone sin harlock rogue pirate personal mission turn hands time years passed captain harlock remains large gaia covered real condition earth giant holographic optical camouflage maintain power crew rogues harlock taken detonators gaia sanction attempts start admiral gaia fleet isora got younger brother yama harlock several years earlier yama became angry mother favorite flower dies accidentally destroys whole greenhouse accident paralyzed isora decimated mutual childhood love nami nami critically injured point death survives medical pod advanced technology able live interact brothers living hologram desperate restitution isora yama agreed infiltrate arcadia crew stop harlock schemes things became complicated yama successfully infiltrated harlock crew unknown harlock miime always knew mole mission install th dimensional oscillator yama learned kei crew member harlock plan start opening time nodes alter history create better time line mission turned awry realized landed giant worm harlock came rescue yama yama execute harlock life death situation yama decided cooperate harlock could survive thus escaped planet board arcadia harlock gave gun yama telling use against freeing bonds tying wants kill yama undercover identity never exposed rest crew harlock words convinced yama follow harlock plans causing yama defect gaia sanction learned harlock intentions heading towards earth permitted isora use kaleido star system superweapon used destroy neutron stars stop harlock harlock used hologram projections arcadia disguise movements evade gaia fleet near pluto spotted near saturn isora nd fleet kaleido star system stop arcadia seemingly destroyed kaleido star system turns hologram real arcadia hidden asteroid reveals itself fleet rear destroys most nd fleet ramming isora flagship oceanus hostage once earth past great illusion crew horrified become earth time isora miime divulged origins harlock true nature starting harlock intends unlock nodes time destroy current universe rebirth genesis shocked truth yama sides isora even arcadia itself starts moving earth yama helps isora crew oceanus held captive arcadia escape arcadia ship crew imprisoned isora confronts nami informing yama tactical plans used against earlier battle love yama nami wanted release hatred anger within isora realized source torment yama nami loved yama enrages isora point pulling plug life support pod nami dying admits lied isora always loved isora makes excuse nami used compromised system record hologram message yama caused life support pod malfunction gives yama hologram message recorded yama believe isora guards hold hologram message plays dropping floor haunted nami death yama returns decimated earth find sign life thrives discovers meadow white flowers gaia sanction planned public execution harlock crew destroyed within arcadia large particle machine execution halted yama appeared released crew arcadia process destroyed particle machine yama told crew wrong harlock wants show crew something found earth trust issues yama crew choice follow lead freedom harlock cell yama reveals found earth flower meant earth trying recover might starting harlock wanted emotionally touched significance miraculous find harlock believes found freedom harlock intends expose truth earth escapes arcadia near earth proximity gaia fleet intercepts arcadia using advanced speed firepower arcadia evaded destruction successfully destroyed hologram emitters falsely portrayed earth yattaran crew member managed hack gaia networks yama reveal truth humanity conveyed message hope life would continue exposed truth earth condition took any leverage gaia sanction reign desperate contain situation imperial leader gaia decided vaporize earth powerful particle cannon called jovian blaster isora realized earth would destroyed arcadia too close therefore decided ram arcadia oceanus push earth ships boarded each many casualties sides yama confronted isora oceanus bridge fought isora shot yama face causing lose right eye scar similar harlock isora almost killed yama harlock shot behind mortally wounds isora isora warned jovian blaster harlock remarked isora remained faithful earth harlock asked miime unleash full dark matter energies ship jovian blaster fired arcadia created powerful shield distorted blast plus oceanus ramming moved arcadia jovian blaster missed earth yama took isora board arcadia dying explained saved earth flowers nami mother loved getting glimpse flower isora died yama arms arcadia crash landed earth once planet harlock dropped th detonator harlock pointed gun yama remarked earth recover likely re spark homecoming war harlock suggested could prevent unraveling nodes time believing world gift nami isora yama did want world end similarly pointed gun harlock harlock liked answer gave detonator yama gave power end humanity universe disaster like homecoming war happens harlock high self esteem remarks long mankind exists myth how captain harlock resented government destroyed earth once almost ended universe eternity yama given eye patch accepted legacy captain harlock gaia fleet confronts arcadia crew wakes seemingly healed dark matter power plant arcadia escapes space leaving meadow white flowers behind,animation,sci-fi
"Best friends Joe Bill Rack Racklin (Toby Keith) and Lonnie Freeman (Rodney Carrington) are deputy sheriffs in the small town of Mangum, Oklahoma who enjoy pig hunting and drinking at the local bar the Thirsty Monkey. After his girlfriend Cammie (Gina Gershon) leaves him when he does not make time for her due to his job and hanging out with friends, Rack finds out that his old flame Annie Streets (Claire Forlani) has returned home from Chicago to care for her sick mother. Rack, Lonnie, and their friend and fellow deputy Skunk Tarver (Ted Nugent) arrest three local criminals and a Mexican drug lord Tito Garza (Greg Serano) for stealing fertilizer that is intended to make methamphetamine. Garza is scheduled to be turned over to the FBI for federal charges when Annie mysteriously disappears after a date with Rack, who discovers that Annie has been kidnapped by Tito's older brother Manuel Garza (Carlos Sanz), who runs a large Mexican drug cartel. Manuel contacts the police and demands Manuel to be returned to him in Santa Luna, Mexico or he will kill Annie. Despite being taken off the case by their boss Sheriff Landry (Tom Skerritt), Rack, Lonnie, and Skunk bust Tito out of his jail cell and take him to Mexico. Along the way, they approach a young hooker named Harveyetta and are helped by a group of circus entertainers led by Charlie (Willie Nelson), who gives them a jug of homemade whiskey known as circus jolly. Once in Mexico after dropping Harveyetta off, they engage in a gunfight with Garza's men and it is revealed that Annie's rich and powerful stepfather Buck Baker (Barry Corbin) is Garza's partner and his United Farm Enterprises is the base for the largest methamphetamine operation in Oklahoma. Baker reveals that the local district attorney Levin (Curtis Armstrong) is corrupt and that he has been giving Annie's mother goofy juice to make her appear to have Alzheimer's disease. With the help of former criminal Johnny Franks who becomes undercover FBI agent Levon Spurlock, Rack kills Buck and rescues Annie. Rack, Lonnie, and Skunk turn Manuel and Tito over to the FBI in Oklahoma City and return to Mangum. There they are cheered by the local crows at the Thirsty Monkey. Landry berates them for disobeying orders but does not arrest them and everyone toasts whiskey for my men, beer for my horses while serving circus jolly.",best friends joe bill rack racklin toby keith lonnie freeman rodney carrington deputy sheriffs small town mangum oklahoma enjoy pig hunting drinking local bar thirsty monkey girlfriend cammie gina gershon leaves time due job hanging friends rack old flame annie streets claire forlani returned home chicago care sick mother rack lonnie friend fellow deputy skunk tarver ted nugent arrest three local criminals mexican drug lord tito garza greg serano stealing fertilizer intended methamphetamine garza scheduled turned fbi federal charges annie mysteriously disappears date rack discovers annie kidnapped tito older brother manuel garza carlos sanz runs large mexican drug cartel manuel contacts police demands manuel returned santa luna mexico or kill annie despite taken case boss sheriff landry tom skerritt rack lonnie skunk bust tito jail cell mexico along approach young hooker named harveyetta helped group circus entertainers led charlie willie nelson gives jug homemade whiskey known circus jolly once mexico dropping harveyetta engage gunfight garza men revealed annie rich powerful stepfather buck baker barry corbin garza partner united farm enterprises base largest methamphetamine operation oklahoma baker reveals local district attorney levin curtis armstrong corrupt giving annie mother goofy juice appear alzheimer disease former criminal johnny franks undercover fbi agent levon spurlock rack kills buck rescues annie rack lonnie skunk turn manuel tito fbi oklahoma city return mangum cheered local crows thirsty monkey landry berates disobeying orders arrest everyone toasts whiskey my men beer my horses serving circus jolly,comedy,action
"Set in 1848, in the Montana Territory, Ben Johnson plays John Coulter who lives on the plains with his daughter Beth and his friend Standing Bear. The story is told mainly from a Native American point of view. Beth is kidnapped by Greyeagle of the Cheyenne nation, who was tasked by the nation's chief to bring Beth to him. Coulter and Standing Bear go through various adventures to find Beth, to bring her back safely home.",set montana territory ben johnson plays john coulter lives plains daughter beth friend standing bear story told mainly native american point view beth kidnapped greyeagle cheyenne nation tasked nation chief bring beth coulter standing bear various adventures find beth bring safely home,western,comedy
"The leaf ninjas drive off a group of fake Akatsuki members, impressing their families. After Naruto Uzumaki discovers Sakura Haruno arguing with her parents, Tobi uses Limited Tsukuyomi (限定月読, Gentei Tsukuyomi) to transport them into an alternate timeline. The two discover their friends acting oppositely compared with their usual personalities and Sasuke Uchiha being around at the village. While Sakura learns that she is orphaned with her father as the Fourth Hokage, Naruto reunites with his parents. When they obtain the Red Moon Scroll, the masked ninja abducts the repentant Sakura, forcing Naruto to choose between getting her or the scroll. After revealing his possessed counterpart as Menma (メンマ), Naruto purges Tobi from him to cancel the genjutsu and revert the timeline. Sakura apologizes to her parents and Naruto does to Iruka Umino for his mistake. This reminds Naruto that even though he is an orphan, he still has a family.",leaf ninjas drive group fake akatsuki members impressing families naruto uzumaki discovers sakura haruno arguing parents tobi uses limited tsukuyomi gentei tsukuyomi transport alternate timeline discover friends acting oppositely compared usual personalities sasuke uchiha around village sakura learns orphaned fourth hokage naruto reunites parents obtain red moon scroll masked ninja abducts repentant sakura forcing naruto choose getting or scroll revealing possessed counterpart menma naruto purges tobi cancel genjutsu revert timeline sakura apologizes parents naruto iruka umino mistake reminds naruto even though orphan family,animation,action
"A classic survival story, told partly through flashbacks to Zachary Bass's past. After being left for dead by his fellow trappers, he undergoes a series of trials and adventures as he slowly heals and equips himself while he tracks the expedition, apparently intent on retribution for his abandonment, while earning the respect of the Indians he encounters. However, when he finally confronts his fellow trappers and Captain Henry, he chooses not to seek revenge, but instead to focus on returning to his infant son.",classic survival story told partly flashbacks zachary bass past left dead fellow trappers undergoes series trials adventures slowly heals equips tracks expedition apparently intent retribution abandonment earning respect indians encounters finally confronts fellow trappers captain henry chooses seek revenge instead focus returning infant son,western,drama
"Conjoined twins Bob and Walt Tenor try to live as normally as possible. Outgoing and sociable Walt aspires to be a Hollywood actor, however, whereas shy, introverted Bob prefers the quiet life. They run Quikee Burger, a diner in Oak Bluffs on Martha's Vineyard, that guarantees free meals to customers whose orders are not completed in three minutes, a testament to how skilled and in sync Bob and Walt are with each other. Though Walt is comfortable socializing with women, Bob is the shyer of the two, and carries on a long-distance relationship with a pen pal named May Fong whom he has never met in person, and who is unaware that they are conjoined twins. Walt gets a role in a local play. Bob stays as much as possible in the background, as he has a tendency to get stage fright. Following the play's success, Walt decides to follow his dream to Hollywood and persuades his hesitant brother to go along for the ride. They rent an apartment in California and become friends with fellow aspiring actress April Mercedes. When she expresses curiosity about their conjoinment, Walt explains that they share a liver that is mostly Bob's, and that because surgical separation entails risk to Walt, Bob would not consent to the surgery, even though Walt favored it. It is also the reason why Walt appears somewhat older than Bob. (Greg Kinnear is seven years older than Matt Damon in real life.) Walt's efforts to find acting work in Hollywood are fraught with difficulty, and his agent, Morty O'Reilly, is little help, offering at one point to get him a job in a pornographic film. Cher is upset that she has ended up starring in a prime-time TV show called Honey and the Beaze. She wants out of the deal, so she decides to hire Walt as her co-star (since her contract states she can choose anyone she wants), certain the show will get cancelled. The producers, realizing Cher's scheme, foil it by going forward with the production, compensating for Bob's presence by keeping him out of the camera frame and employing bluescreen effects. The show is a surprise hit and Walt becomes famous. Walt arranges for May Fong to come to California. Although he did this without Bob's consent, Bob and May Fong develop a romantic relationship, though the twins' attempt to keep their conjoined nature a secret proves challenging, especially since Walt must accompany the new couple everywhere, sometimes using creative solutions like disguising himself as a giant teddy bear. Eventually however, when May discovers the twins in bed, she concludes that they are a homosexual couple rather than brothers. Although Bob shows May that they are indeed conjoined twins, May is nonetheless in even greater shock at the deception, and flees. Morty informs the twins that word has leaked about Walt and Bob being conjoined. Rather than hide this, the twins decide to embrace it, and they both become huge celebrities, making commercials and appearing on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. While Walt enjoys this success, he knows that Bob is unhappy because he misses May. Resolving that Bob needs to be independent from him in order to be happy, Walt demands they be surgically separated. When Bob refuses, Walt, determined to convince him, begins acting wild and crazy until Bob can no longer take it. Walt starts to make a fool of himself by getting drunk and accidentally snatching a woman's purse. They eventually end up spending the night in jail for drunk driving; even though Walt was drinking, Bob is the one who suffers the hangover since their shared liver is mostly his. When they are released the following morning, they get into a fight and Bob decides to go with the operation. On the night before the surgery, May shows up and apologizes to Bob for running out the way she did. Bob informs her that they're getting separated; although she does not want them to, he knows that it's best for them. At the hospital, May and April keep a vigil until learning from Ben Carson, a real-life neurosurgeon playing a cameo role, that the surgery was successful.[2] Bob and May, both being small-town people, decide to move back to Oak Bluffs, but Bob finds the separation from Walt difficult, both practically and emotionally, and is unable to do the things by himself that the twins used to do together, such as maintain Quikee Burger's three-minute challenge or play hockey. Walt, for his part, loses his job when Honey and the Beaze is canceled due to low ratings, and finds it difficult to find subsequent work. He is also emotionally devastated by Bob's absence. After having a brief talk with Cher about what's best for him, he decides to move back to Oak Bluffs. One year later, Walt and Bob are back in Oak Bluffs running the restaurant together, Bob and May have married and May is pregnant. The twins simulate their former conjoinment with Velcro clothing that attaches them to one another. Walt finds creative fulfillment continuing in local plays, including a musical in which he and Meryl Streep play Bonnie and Clyde.",conjoined twins bob walt tenor try live normally possible outgoing sociable walt aspires hollywood actor whereas shy introverted bob prefers quiet life run quikee burger diner oak bluffs martha vineyard guarantees free meals customers whose orders completed three minutes testament how skilled sync bob walt each though walt comfortable socializing women bob shyer carries long distance relationship pen pal named may fong whom never met person unaware conjoined twins walt role local play bob stays much possible background tendency stage fright following play success walt decides follow dream hollywood persuades hesitant brother along ride rent apartment california become friends fellow aspiring actress april mercedes expresses curiosity conjoinment walt explains share liver mostly bob surgical separation entails risk walt bob would consent surgery even though walt favored reason why walt appears somewhat older than bob greg kinnear seven years older than matt damon real life walt efforts find acting work hollywood fraught difficulty agent morty o illy little offering point job pornographic film cher upset ended starring prime time tv show called honey beaze wants deal decides hire walt co star since contract states choose anyone wants certain show cancelled producers realizing cher scheme foil going forward production compensating bob presence keeping camera frame employing bluescreen effects show surprise hit walt famous walt arranges may fong california although did without bob consent bob may fong develop romantic relationship though twins attempt keep conjoined nature secret proves challenging especially since walt must accompany couple everywhere sometimes using creative solutions like disguising giant teddy bear may discovers twins bed concludes homosexual couple rather than brothers although bob shows may indeed conjoined twins may nonetheless even greater shock deception flees morty informs twins word leaked walt bob conjoined rather than hide twins decide embrace become huge celebrities making commercials appearing tonight show jay leno walt enjoys success knows bob unhappy misses may resolving bob needs independent order happy walt demands surgically separated bob refuses walt determined convince acting wild crazy until bob longer walt starts fool getting drunk accidentally snatching woman purse end spending night jail drunk driving even though walt drinking bob suffers hangover since shared liver mostly released following morning fight bob decides operation night surgery may shows apologizes bob running did bob informs getting separated although want knows best hospital may april keep vigil until learning ben carson real life neurosurgeon playing cameo role surgery successful bob may small town people decide move oak bluffs bob separation walt difficult practically emotionally unable do things twins used do together such maintain quikee burger three minute challenge or play hockey walt part loses job honey beaze canceled due low ratings difficult find subsequent work emotionally devastated bob absence brief talk cher best decides move oak bluffs year walt bob oak bluffs running restaurant together bob may married may pregnant twins simulate former conjoinment velcro clothing attaches walt creative fulfillment continuing local plays including musical meryl streep play bonnie clyde,comedy,drama
"Taxi driver Jim (Verno) befriends Ruritanian child King Ludwig while the latter is on a visit to London. A plot is afoot by sinister forces to kidnap Ludwig, and Jim becomes caught up in the drama. After the child is abducted Jim uses all his ingenuity, including cross-dressing as a Countess and becoming involved in a car chase, to rescue him from his captors.",taxi driver jim verno befriends ruritanian child king ludwig latter visit london plot afoot sinister forces kidnap ludwig jim caught drama child abducted jim uses ingenuity including cross dressing countess becoming involved car chase rescue captors,comedy,crime
"Gilin is a gangster who has just gotten out of prison. One night while driving home with his girlfriend Nikki, he collides with defense workers Bill Barry and Mary Dale. Bill's tires are destroyed, and when the insurance company is unable to replace them, Nikki convinces him to exchange Bill's car for the car of Gilin's Chinese servant Tom, who has enlisted in the Army. With government restrictions on rubber in place due to the war, Gilin goes into business stealing and re-selling good tires, then sells tires retreaded with cheap synthetic rubber to used-car lots. One of Gilin's retreads blows out and causes the death of Mary's brother. Bill and his co-workers become determined to find the culprit behind the shoddy tires. Gilin worries that his scheme will be discovered after Bill traces a tire to his lot. Nikki is pressured by Gilin to accept a date with Bill, but pretends not to be able to reach him, then secretly warns Mary of Gilin's intentions. However, Bill goes to see Nikki, intending to ask her about the tire, and falls right into Gilin's trap. Gilin knocks Bill out and plans to kill him. Tom comes back from the army on leave, and refuses to help his old boss when he learns that Gilin is a war profiteer. Gilin shoots Tom and escapes with Nikki to his warehouse. Tom manages to stay alive long enough to tell Bill about what has happened. Bill calls his co-workers and the police, and they raid the warehouse en masse. During the fight, Gilin is shot by one of his own men, who is appalled that Gilin would kill Tom, a soldier. Nikki goes to work at an armaments factory.",gilin gangster gotten prison night driving home girlfriend nikki collides defense workers bill barry mary dale bill tires destroyed insurance company unable replace nikki convinces exchange bill car car gilin chinese servant tom enlisted army government restrictions rubber place due war gilin business stealing re selling good tires sells tires retreaded cheap synthetic rubber used car lots gilin retreads blows causes death mary brother bill co workers become determined find culprit behind shoddy tires gilin worries scheme discovered bill traces tire lot nikki pressured gilin accept date bill pretends able reach secretly warns mary gilin intentions bill see nikki intending ask tire falls right gilin trap gilin knocks bill plans kill tom army leave refuses old boss learns gilin war profiteer gilin shoots tom escapes nikki warehouse tom manages stay alive long enough tell bill happened bill calls co workers police raid warehouse en masse fight gilin shot men appalled gilin would kill tom soldier nikki work armaments factory,crime,comedy
"Sam (Kunchako Boban), Joji(Indrajith Sukumaran), Pauly (Suraj Venjaramoodu), Tony (Joju George) are cousins. During Sam's wedding all of them are at the church. When the priest asks Sam whether he wants to marry the girl he says no and that he want to marry Annie who was his old love but married to another man. The bride felt betrayed gets out of the church. The cousins consulted a psychiatrist and they told him that Sam had met with an accident during his Engineering Studies, and he lost his memory of the past 6 years. To regain his memory, the Doctor advices Sam's cousins to take him to a journey. So they travel through the places where Sam had traveled before losing his memory. During the journey they reach a carnival. Some anonymous people began a fight with them. All of them identifies Sam from long ago, and tells him to bring back Arathi but Sam does not remember Arathi, so they tell excuses about bringing Arathi. Later they met a girl named Malika(Nisha Agarwal) who is the elder sister of Arathi. After meeting Malika Sam reigns his memory and tells his cousins that he knowns Malika. So they go to Malika and ask her if she knows Sam. She tells them that some years ago he had come to the palace and had met her sister Arathi and that they fell in love. But the royal family didn't accept their love and so they tried to run away from that palace. Several henchmen chased Arathi and Sam down through a brook and they jump into the waterfall. It then seems that Joji knew everything and he begins saying that he knew Arathi and he was the one who admitted Sam in the hospital after the waterfall jump both of them had escaped with minor injuries. While fleeing to meet Joji down in the valley, they find the henchmen chasing them and they try to escape in a coracle. Sam ask Arathi to sit inside it and tries to unhook as he was about to get in the henchmen attacked him and the coracle moves on. It is also revealed that the girl who Sam was to marry was Arathi and that he did not recognise her during the wedding. So Pauly and Tony ask Joji to bring back Arathi to Chandragiri he says no because on the day when the tried to kill Sam they didn't try to save Arathi. Joji thought that there was someone behind it and knew Sam could only answer it and wanted him to remember everything. So he tells everything to Mallika and makes a plan to elope with Mallika and his cousin at first Sam hesitates but later he agrees to it. So when they were chasing them again Sam remembers everything and begins to hit Mallika's brother and tells them that he was behind the motivation on not saving Arathi because if Arathi dies Mallika can become the princess and he can be the scion. They then bring Arathi and tells her elder brother not to punish him and the last scene shows Arathi's and Sam's wedding, meanwhile the Gounder who was deeply in love with Malika since childhood tells Joji that him, Tony and Pauly can now watch Malika and him marry but Joji tells him that she is pregnant with his child which is the climax.",sam kunchako boban joji indrajith sukumaran pauly suraj venjaramoodu tony joju george cousins sam wedding church priest sam whether wants marry girl says want marry annie old love married bride felt betrayed church cousins consulted psychiatrist told sam met accident engineering studies lost memory past years regain memory doctor advices sam cousins journey travel places sam traveled losing memory journey reach carnival anonymous people began fight identifies sam long ago bring arathi sam remember arathi tell excuses bringing arathi met girl named malika nisha agarwal elder sister arathi meeting malika sam reigns memory cousins knowns malika malika ask knows sam years ago palace met sister arathi fell love royal family did accept love tried run palace several henchmen chased arathi sam brook jump waterfall seems joji knew everything saying knew arathi admitted sam hospital waterfall jump escaped minor injuries fleeing meet joji valley find henchmen chasing try escape coracle sam ask arathi sit inside unhook henchmen attacked coracle moves revealed girl sam marry arathi did recognise wedding pauly tony ask joji bring arathi chandragiri says day tried kill sam did try save arathi joji thought someone behind knew sam could answer wanted remember everything everything mallika makes plan elope mallika cousin sam hesitates agrees were chasing sam remembers everything hit mallika brother behind motivation saving arathi arathi dies mallika become princess scion bring arathi elder brother punish last scene shows arathi sam wedding gounder deeply love malika since childhood joji tony pauly watch malika marry joji pregnant child climax,comedy,romance
"The movie begins with Sumathi (Vandana) and Subramaniam (Arun Vijay), strangers to one another, meet at a suicide point in Chennai. They realise that their goal is the same, that is Suicide! Both had choose to end their lives and duly writes suicide notes. Sumathy's reason for taking the extreme step is her nagging relatives, who are also her guardians. They are after her ancestral money. Subramaniam is cheated by a friend who promises a job for him in Dubai after taking Rs five lakh from him. Both consumes sleeping pills in a bid to end their lives in Subramaniam's room. However, they are rescued by the house-owner Mani (Janakaraj). Life takes a turn and Subramaniam lands a good job while Sumathy's relatives take her home. Subramaniam marriage is settled with a girl of his mother's choice and Sumathy's marriage is fixed with her maternal uncle. Both flee the respective marriage halls independently. How they reunite forms the crux.",movie sumathi vandana subramaniam arun vijay strangers meet suicide point chennai realise goal same suicide choose end lives duly writes suicide notes sumathy reason taking extreme step nagging relatives guardians ancestral money subramaniam cheated friend promises job dubai taking rs five lakh consumes sleeping pills bid end lives subramaniam room rescued owner mani janakaraj life turn subramaniam lands good job sumathy relatives home subramaniam marriage settled girl mother choice sumathy marriage fixed maternal uncle flee respective marriage halls independently how reunite forms crux,action,romance
"Charlie Mayeaux (Liam Neeson) is an undercover DEA agent suffering from anxiety and gastrointestinal problems after a bust gone wrong. During the aforementioned incident, his partner was killed and he found himself served up on a platter of watermelon with a gun shoved in his face just before back-up arrived. Charlie, once known for his ease and almost magical talent on the job, is finding it very hard to return to work. His requests to be taken off the case or retired are denied by his bosses, Lonny Ward (Louis Giambalvo) and Dexter Helvenshaw (Mitch Pileggi) as so much time was put into his cover. Charlie works with the dream of one day retiring to Ocean Views, a luxury housing complex with servants and utilities. During his flight to New York, where his job will resume, another passenger strikes up a conversation with him. It turns out that this man, Dr. Jeff Bleckner (Michael Mantell), is a psychiatrist and upon arriving to New York, Charlie enlists his services. Dr. Bleckner listens to his troubles and prescribes him anti-anxiety medication to help him deal with stress. He also encourages him to join a group therapy session. At therapy, Charlie meets and befriends a group of stressed out men from the business world. To deal with his gastrointestinal issues, Charlie goes to the doctor where he meets the free-spirited and beautiful Judy Tipp (Sandra Bullock), the self-proclaimed Enema Queen who introduces him to alternative therapies to his problems as well as some romantic interest. Back on the job, Charlie is knee-deep in negotiations for high-stakes money laundering and stock manipulation. He was brought into the group by the passionate Fidel Vaillar (José Zúñiga) and his close bodyguard, Estuvio Clavo (Michael DeLorenzo). Vaillar is a son of an important Colombian druglord and fears being viewed as a stereotype. They are dealing with an intense man with an unpredictable temper named Fulvio Nesstra (Oliver Platt) who represents the Italian mob in New York. Fulvio is the disfavored son-in-law of high-ranking Italian mobster, Carmine Minetti (Frank Vincent). Jason Cane (Andrew Lauer), a young Wall street-type with a plan, but poor taste, completes the group. Each thinks he understands the other players, but there is more to these characters than meets the eye.",charlie mayeaux liam neeson undercover dea agent suffering anxiety gastrointestinal problems bust gone wrong aforementioned incident partner killed found served platter watermelon gun shoved face arrived charlie once known ease almost magical talent job finding very hard return work requests taken case or retired denied bosses lonny ward louis giambalvo dexter helvenshaw mitch pileggi much time put cover charlie works dream day retiring ocean views luxury housing complex servants utilities flight york job resume passenger strikes conversation turns dr jeff bleckner michael mantell psychiatrist upon arriving york charlie enlists services dr bleckner listens troubles prescribes anti anxiety medication deal stress encourages join group therapy session therapy charlie meets befriends group stressed men business world deal gastrointestinal issues charlie doctor meets free spirited beautiful judy tipp sandra bullock self proclaimed enema queen introduces alternative therapies problems well romantic interest job charlie knee deep negotiations high stakes money laundering stock manipulation brought group passionate fidel vaillar jos z iga close bodyguard estuvio clavo michael delorenzo vaillar son important colombian druglord fears viewed stereotype dealing intense unpredictable temper named fulvio nesstra oliver platt represents italian mob york fulvio disfavored son law high ranking italian mobster carmine minetti frank vincent jason cane andrew lauer young wall street type plan poor taste completes group each thinks understands players these characters than meets eye,action,comedy
"ACP Surya I. P. S. is an efficient officer who works to serve people. While handling a case he comes across Maya. A toughie at heart, he falls for her. He meets her again in the mall but does not talk to her. He meets her again and she comes to know that he is an officer. After a few months he sees her again at a school where Maya works as a teacher. Once one of maya's students has a problem & she seeks Surya's help, who helps her out. Surya is assigned to overlook the roads where the state c.m would pass. Maya sees Surya and requests him to have a cup of coffee with her but he declines as he is on duty. Maya while crossing the road meets with an accident, Surya takes her to a nearby hospital. After a few days Surya comes to meet Maya at her house, she requests him to take her out on a ride as she was bored of staying at home. She takes him to a boat house (the place which she owns) and tells him that she likes him a lot and proposes, he first refuses and later accepts. He is assigned to arrest a drugs smuggler (the villain of the story). He kidnaps Maya so as to escape Surya but fails to do so and ultimately dies.",acp surya i p s efficient officer works serve people handling case across maya toughie heart falls meets mall talk meets know officer few months sees school maya works teacher once maya students problem seeks surya helps surya assigned overlook roads state c m would pass maya sees surya requests cup coffee declines duty maya crossing road meets accident surya nearby hospital few days surya meet maya requests ride bored staying home boat place owns likes lot proposes refuses accepts assigned arrest drugs smuggler villain story kidnaps maya escape surya fails do ultimately dies,action,romance
"Viktor Navorski, a traveler from the nation of Krakozhia, arrives at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, only to find that his passport is suddenly no longer valid. The United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign nation after the outbreak of a civil war, and Viktor is not permitted to either enter the country or return home as he is now stateless. Because of this, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection seizes his passport and airline ticket. With no other choice, Navorski settles in at the terminal with only his luggage and a peanut can, much to the frustration of Frank Dixon, the temporary customs director for the airport. Dixon is being considered for a promotion and becomes obsessed with getting rid of Navorski. Meanwhile, Navorski befriends and helps airport employees and travelers. Among them, a flight attendant named Amelia Warren, whom he sees periodically and tries to woo, presenting himself as a building contractor who is frequently traveling. Navorski had been hired by an airport contractor and paid under the table after he impulsively remodeled a wall at a gate that was scheduled for future renovation. One day, Dixon pulls Amelia aside and questions whether she knows Navorski's true situation. Amelia confronts Navorski at his makeshift home, where he shows her that the peanut can contains a copy of the photograph A Great Day in Harlem. His late father was a jazz enthusiast who had discovered the famous portrait in a Hungarian newspaper in 1958, and vowed to collect the autographs of all 57 of the musicians featured on it. He died before he could get the last one, from tenor saxophonist Benny Golson. Navorski has come to New York to do so. After hearing the story, Amelia kisses Navorski. After nine months, Navorski friends wake him with the news that the war in Krakozhia has ended. Amelia also asked her friend—actually a married government official with whom she had been having an affair—to get Navorski a one-day emergency visa to fulfill his dream, but Viktor is disappointed to learn she has renewed her relationship with the man during this process. Moreover, Navorski finds out that Dixon must sign the visa. Seizing the opportunity, Dixon threatens to cause trouble for Navorski's friends, most seriously by deporting janitor Gupta back to India, where he is wanted for attempted murder. Unwilling to let this happen, Navorski finally agrees to go home to Krakozhia. When Gupta learns of this, however, he runs in front of the plane as it taxies to the terminal, resulting in his deportation, effectively taking the burden off Navorski. The delay gives Navorski enough time to go into the city. Dixon, watching Navorski leave the airport, decides not to pursue him. Navorski arrives in New York at the hotel where Benny Golson is performing and finally collects the last autograph. Then he gets in a taxi, telling the driver, I am going home.",viktor navorski traveler nation krakozhia arrives york john f kennedy international airport find passport suddenly longer valid united states longer recognizes krakozhia sovereign nation outbreak civil war viktor permitted either enter country or return home stateless u s customs border protection seizes passport airline ticket choice navorski settles terminal luggage peanut much frustration frank dixon temporary customs director airport dixon considered promotion obsessed getting rid navorski navorski befriends helps airport employees travelers among flight attendant named amelia warren whom sees periodically woo presenting building contractor frequently traveling navorski hired airport contractor paid under table impulsively remodeled wall gate scheduled future renovation day dixon pulls amelia aside questions whether knows navorski true situation amelia confronts navorski makeshift home shows peanut contains copy photograph great day harlem late jazz enthusiast discovered famous portrait hungarian newspaper vowed collect autographs musicians featured died could last tenor saxophonist benny golson navorski york do hearing story amelia kisses navorski nine months navorski friends wake news war krakozhia ended amelia asked friend actually married government official whom affair navorski day emergency visa fulfill dream viktor disappointed learn renewed relationship process moreover navorski dixon must sign visa seizing opportunity dixon threatens cause trouble navorski friends most seriously deporting janitor gupta india wanted attempted murder unwilling let happen navorski finally agrees home krakozhia gupta learns runs front plane taxies terminal resulting deportation effectively taking burden navorski delay gives navorski enough time city dixon watching navorski leave airport decides pursue navorski arrives york hotel benny golson performing finally collects last autograph taxi telling driver i am going home,comedy,drama
"The film involves a young schoolgirl Chu Yuen Fong (Fennie Yuen) who becomes caught in a tragic stranglehold of triad activity after she testifies over a triad beating. When this news reaches the triad leader Brother Smart (Roy Cheung), Yuen Fong must pay him protection money for what she has done as events begin to escalate.",film involves young schoolgirl chu yuen fong fennie yuen caught tragic stranglehold triad activity testifies triad beating news reaches triad leader brother smart roy cheung yuen fong must pay protection money done events begin escalate,action,crime
A young woman is overshadowed by her more glamorous sister. With the help of her grandmother she transforms herself and is able to attract a man.[3],young woman overshadowed glamorous sister grandmother transforms herself able attract,comedy,drama
"When penniless Sally (Aileen Marson) inherits a decrepit country manor, formerly her childhood home, she moves in with her younger brother Ronald (Billy Milton). An ambitious young journalist, Ronald comes up with an outlandish scheme to get his first big story. He plans to hide Sally in the house, to fake her death, and then get himself arrested for her murder. When Sally suddenly reappears at his trial, it will prove his innocence, and leave Ronald to supply his paper with an exclusive story. However, the siblings uncover a real mystery when they become mixed up with jewel thieves, whose loot is hidden in their house.",penniless sally aileen marson inherits decrepit country manor formerly childhood home moves younger brother ronald billy milton ambitious young journalist ronald outlandish scheme big story plans hide sally fake death arrested murder sally suddenly reappears trial prove innocence leave ronald supply paper exclusive story siblings uncover real mystery become mixed jewel thieves whose loot hidden,drama,crime
"Joss Grey (Susannah York), a 16-year-old English girl, finds herself responsible for the care of her three younger siblings on a summer vacation in France when their mother is suddenly taken ill and rushed to the hospital. When they go to the Hotel Oeillets, proprietress Mademoiselle Zisi (Danielle Darrieux) does not want the responsibility of unchaperoned children, but her enigmatic English lover Eliot (Kenneth More) persuades her to accept them. As the days pass, she wishes she had stuck to her original answer; she is increasingly jealous of the attention Eliot pays to the children—especially to Joss. Meanwhile, hotel employee Paul (David Saire), becomes suspicious of Eliot, snoops in his room, and finds a pistol. Eliot catches Paul and gets Zisi to fire him, but Joss's 13-year-old sister Hester (Jane Asher) has taken a liking to Paul and begs Joss to get Eliot to reconsider, which he does. But later he becomes angry when shutterbug Hester takes his picture. Then he rushes out of a tour of caves where champagne is stored to avoid famous guest Monsieur Renard (Raymond Gérôme), the best policeman in France. He also insists on turning away potential guests. Tensions come to a boiling point when Zisi throws a glass of champagne in her rival's face. Eliot chases after her, saying—within Joss's hearing—that she is only a child. Gleaning from a newspaper article that Eliot is a notorious jewel thief, the outraged Joss mails Hester's photo of him to the police. Eliot has already decided to leave. He sneaks out late at night but, hearing a drunken Paul attack Joss, rushes up to her room. He punches Paul, who tries to climb down a drainpipe but falls to his death. A remorseful Joss tells Eliot what she did to endanger him. At her request he gives her a grownup kiss. Then he disposes of Paul's body and absconds. While Renard is questioning the uncooperative children the next morning, their solicitor uncle, Mr. Bullock (Maurice Denham), arrives. He has been summoned by an unsigned telegram to extricate them. From the source of the message, Renard realizes that Eliot is trying to escape across the border on a river barge.",joss grey susannah york year old english girl herself responsible care three younger siblings summer vacation france mother suddenly taken ill rushed hospital hotel oeillets proprietress mademoiselle zisi danielle darrieux want responsibility unchaperoned children enigmatic english lover eliot kenneth persuades accept days pass wishes stuck original answer increasingly jealous attention eliot pays children especially joss hotel employee paul david saire suspicious eliot snoops room pistol eliot catches paul zisi fire joss year old sister hester jane asher taken liking paul begs joss eliot reconsider angry shutterbug hester picture rushes tour caves champagne stored avoid famous guest monsieur renard raymond g r me best policeman france insists turning potential guests tensions boiling point zisi throws glass champagne rival face eliot chases saying within joss hearing child gleaning newspaper article eliot notorious jewel thief outraged joss mails hester photo police eliot already decided leave sneaks late night hearing drunken paul attack joss rushes room punches paul climb drainpipe falls death remorseful joss eliot did endanger request gives grownup kiss disposes paul body absconds renard questioning uncooperative children morning solicitor uncle mr bullock maurice denham arrives summoned unsigned telegram extricate source message renard realizes eliot trying escape across border river barge,drama,comedy
"The story starts off with two mercenaries, Mishu and Mahatab (Mishu Sabbir and Mir Sabbir) who receives a briefcase full of money for a job,murder, which they were supposed to do. But they decide to reform and start a new cleaner life and would use the money to kick start their new life They enjoy their time with the money they had received and roam around London. At a point of their journey, they see a Bengali girl, Oishee (Bidda Sinha Saha Mim) with a British guy, Peter. Mishu falls for her immediately, and they decide to follow her. While following her, they realize that someone is already following them. Someone who turns up everywhere they were going asking for a lighter. They keep that in mind and follow Oishee to her house in the jungles. There they find the guy who had been following them, Sajjad (Irfan Sajjad) and threatens him to find out why he was following them. They find out that Sajjad was hired by Oishee's father (Tareq Anam Khan) to get rid of Peter. Mishu, in order to see Oishee, peeks into Oishee's house but instead sees another girl, Mithila, and gets stunned by seeing her alive. This was the girl they were supposed to assassinate but she remained alive. Then they team up with Sajjad to solve these unsolved mysteries but to find out a numerous problems which they had to face with great difficulties.[4]",story starts mercenaries mishu mahatab mishu sabbir mir sabbir receives briefcase full money job murder were supposed do decide reform start cleaner life would use money kick start life enjoy time money received roam around london point journey see bengali girl oishee bidda sinha saha mim british guy peter mishu falls immediately decide follow following realize someone already following someone turns everywhere were going asking lighter keep mind follow oishee jungles find guy following sajjad irfan sajjad threatens find why following find sajjad hired oishee tareq anam khan rid peter mishu order see oishee peeks oishee instead sees girl mithila stunned seeing alive girl were supposed assassinate remained alive team sajjad solve these unsolved mysteries find numerous problems face great difficulties,romance,drama
"Krishna (Ramesh) is a lecturer in a women's college. Lakshmi (Nidhi), his relative, is in deep love with him. However, he hates all women as taught by his Guru. Meanwhile, Sumitra Andal (Neethu) is a student of Krishna and is in love with a fashion photographer Sundaram Pillai (Mohan). But her father is against this as he is adamant to have his daughter married to his own caste. To get into the wedlock, Sumitra lies to her father that Sundaram belong to their own caste and fools everyone around her. Her father wants Krishna to be his son-in-law. How the subsequent event turn the lives of these four main characters forms the rest of the story.",krishna ramesh lecturer women college lakshmi nidhi relative deep love hates women taught guru sumitra andal neethu student krishna love fashion photographer sundaram pillai mohan against adamant daughter married caste wedlock sumitra lies sundaram belong caste fools everyone around wants krishna son law how subsequent event turn lives these four main characters forms rest story,comedy,romance
"The story opens with Georges Iscovescu (Boyer) recounting his story to a Hollywood film director at Paramount in an effort to earn some quick cash. Georges is a Romanian-born gigolo who has arrived in a Mexican border town seeking entry to the US. He has to endure a waiting period of up to eight years in order to obtain a quota number, living with other hopeful immigrants in the Esperanza Hotel. After six months he is broke and unhappy. When he runs into his former dancing partner Anita Dixon (Goddard) she explains how she quickly obtained US citizenship by marrying an American, who she then, just as quickly, divorced. Georges resolves on the same plan. He soon targets visiting school teacher Miss Emmy Brown (de Havilland), who is in Mexico on a day trip with her class of about fifteen young boys. Georges manages to extend the time necessary to repair her broken down automobile. Emmy and her pupils sleep in the lobby of the full-up Esperanza Hotel. This provides Georges the opportunity to quickly and intensively woo Emmy in the early morning hours; she awakens to him sitting nearby and gazing at her lovingly. By claiming she is the exact image of the lost love of his life, his seemingly intense ardor toward a stranger is plausible, and they marry later that same day. However, George must wait some weeks before entering the US, and Emmy returns home with the boys. A few days later, Emmy unexpectedly returns, complicating Georges' plans. Immigration inspector Hammock (Abel) also appears, hunting for con artists such as Georges, and necessitating Georges' and an unwitting Emmy's departure. He drives all night, arriving at dawn in a small village. They participate in a festival of traditional blessings for newlyweds, an event that Emmy assumes has been Georges' destination all along. Georges had not planned on consummating marriage, believing that he could return her to her small town essentially unchanged by the marriage, and fakes a shoulder injury. However, as the trip continues, he is surprised and increasingly enchanted by Emmy. When they stop at the seaside, Emmy bathes in the cool green water and Georges is unable to resist making love to her. However this jeopardizes Anita's plan for she and Georges to meet in New York and work together, to which he had agreed. Anita has long been in love with Georges, and on their return, brutally informs Emmy of the entire scheme reciting the inscription on Emmy's wedding ring, which Georges' said was his mother's. Hammock then asks Emmy to verify the legitimacy of her marriage; she does not turn him in, partially blaming her own naiveté, but nevertheless leaves him. Returning to the US, she drives distractedly, in anguish at Georges' betrayal. When a black lace veil Georges had bought her is blown into her face, she is seriously injured in a car accident. When Georges learns of this, he immediately crosses the border, jeopardizing his visa to go to her. On hearing his voice she awakens; seeing him, her misery relieved and her breathing and heartbeat normalize as he sits with her for hours. However, Hammock is still on his tail, and when Georges sees police arriving, he takes off. He heads to Paramount to try to sell his story to director Dwight Saxon (Mitchell Leisen), in order to get the money for Emmy's care. Hammock catches up with him and returns him to Mexico. Some weeks later Hammock returns to the border town. Anita has a new sugar daddy. Georges has unsurprisingly not heard from Emmy, and believes the worst, sitting dejectedly on a bench writing notes in the sand. Hammock joins him, and tells Georges that he didn't report the illegal entry – Georges' visa has been approved. Georges looks up to see Emmy, in a beautiful hat, happily waving to him in the sun from across the border. He crosses, and they depart.",story opens georges iscovescu boyer recounting story hollywood film director paramount effort earn quick cash georges romanian born gigolo arrived mexican border town seeking entry us endure waiting period eight years order obtain quota number living hopeful immigrants esperanza hotel six months broke unhappy runs former dancing partner anita dixon goddard explains how quickly obtained us citizenship marrying american quickly divorced georges resolves same plan targets visiting school teacher miss emmy brown de havilland mexico day trip class fifteen young boys georges manages extend time necessary repair broken automobile emmy pupils sleep lobby full esperanza hotel provides georges opportunity quickly intensively woo emmy early morning hours awakens sitting nearby gazing lovingly claiming exact image lost love life seemingly intense ardor toward stranger plausible marry same day george must wait weeks entering us emmy returns home boys few days emmy unexpectedly returns complicating georges plans immigration inspector hammock abel appears hunting con artists such georges necessitating georges unwitting emmy departure drives night arriving dawn small village participate festival traditional blessings newlyweds event emmy assumes georges destination along georges planned consummating marriage believing could return small town essentially unchanged marriage fakes shoulder injury trip continues surprised increasingly enchanted emmy stop seaside emmy bathes cool green water georges unable resist making love jeopardizes anita plan georges meet york work together agreed anita long love georges return brutally informs emmy entire scheme reciting inscription emmy wedding ring georges said mother hammock emmy verify legitimacy marriage turn partially blaming naivet nevertheless leaves returning us drives distractedly anguish georges betrayal black lace veil georges bought blown face seriously injured car accident georges learns immediately crosses border jeopardizing visa hearing voice awakens seeing misery relieved breathing heartbeat normalize sits hours hammock tail georges sees police arriving heads paramount try sell story director dwight saxon mitchell leisen order money emmy care hammock catches returns mexico weeks hammock returns border town anita sugar daddy georges unsurprisingly heard emmy believes worst sitting dejectedly bench writing notes sand hammock joins georges did report illegal entry georges visa approved georges looks see emmy beautiful hat happily waving sun across border crosses depart,romance,drama
"The movie opens with Eddie Macon (Schneider) escaping from prison. The first half of the film then relates the backstory through a series of flashbacks. Macon is a man that has relocated from Florida to Texas in order to better provide for his wife and young son, who suffers from a blood disorder. His temper leads him into a few minor infractions that land him in jail, but after an unsuccessful escape attempt, he finds himself with an excessively harsh prison sentence in light of his original offenses. Feeling that they are facing injustice, Macon and his wife, Chris, devise an elaborate escape plan. After initially becoming involved with the prison rodeo and stowing away in a cattle truck, he begins a long, cross-country run across the Texas wilderness in an attempt to reach the U.S. - Mexico border in Laredo, Texas where they have planned their rendezvous and permanent escape, south of the border. Along the way, he is being chased by Marzack (Douglas), an inmate transfers detective who has already re-captured Macon once, after his earlier escape attempt. Marzack is able to successfully track Macon, but is thwarted when Macon encounters new players along the way. First, Macon is captured, and nearly hanged for rustling, by a dysfunctional ranching family, the Potts. Next he encounters Jilly Buck (Purcell), niece of the governor, whom Macon initially kidnaps. Buck is sympathetic to Macon's story and quickly agrees to assist him with his plan. Marzack eventually catches up with Macon and Buck in Laredo where they have a series of altercations. Ultimately, Marzack captures Macon, but decides to let him go, seemingly satisfied with proving his skill as a detective and presumably believing that once reunited with his family, Macon will no longer be a threat. With no one pursuing him any longer, Macon is able to meet his wife and son on a bridge over the Rio Grande and although the movie concludes in that location, it is assumed that they will be able to successfully cross into Mexico and be free.",movie opens eddie macon schneider escaping prison half film relates backstory series flashbacks macon relocated florida texas order better provide wife young son suffers blood disorder temper leads few minor infractions land jail unsuccessful escape attempt excessively harsh prison sentence light original offenses feeling facing injustice macon wife chris devise elaborate escape plan initially becoming involved prison rodeo stowing cattle truck long cross country run across texas wilderness attempt reach u s mexico border laredo texas planned rendezvous permanent escape south border along chased marzack douglas inmate transfers detective already re captured macon once earlier escape attempt marzack able successfully track macon thwarted macon encounters players along macon captured nearly hanged rustling dysfunctional ranching family potts encounters jilly buck purcell niece governor whom macon initially kidnaps buck sympathetic macon story quickly agrees assist plan marzack catches macon buck laredo series altercations ultimately marzack captures macon decides let seemingly satisfied proving skill detective presumably believing once reunited family macon longer threat pursuing any longer macon able meet wife son bridge rio grande although movie concludes location assumed able successfully cross mexico free,crime,western
"Writer, Ned Kendall, is returning to the remote and isolated family home inhabited by his sister Sally, to say goodbye to his father, Bruce, who is dying. Ned also brings his fiancee, Toni, who has trouble getting used to the isolation and harshness of rural Australia. Ned starts reliving memories of his childhood, many involving his beautiful twin sister Kate, and his older brother Cliff. These memories awaken long-buried secrets from the family's past. He begins writing, and his fiance reads that he had an awkward sexual encounter with Kate, and leaves him without giving him a chance to explain. Kate continues to entice Ned despite his obvious revulsion, and after a drunken night out with friends, Ned goes for a swim in the family dam. He is joined by Kate, who seduces and subsequently has sex with him on the banks of the dam. Ned shows immediate remorse while Kate remains unperturbed. After Ned's refusal to have further sexual relations with Kate, Kate instigates a fight between the brothers by suggesting that Ned made unwanted advances towards her. As punishment, Bruce makes Ned accompany Kate to the Christmas dance. During the dance, Ned leaves Kate, and she is left to go home with Cliff. Ned leaves separately and on his way home he finds his sister's dead body in Cliff's crashed car, and then finds that Cliff has hanged himself. Fearing that Ned will tell Bruce the truth about Kate, Sally reveals that she knew of Ned and Kate's secret. She also reveals that the car's clock stopped on impact of the crash and no one could figure out what took Kate and Cliff so long to get home from the dance. Sally speculates that Kate also had sexual relations with Cliff, who then crashed the car in which Kate died. She tells Ned she believes that Cliff's guilt from his part in Kate's death was multiplied knowing he had committed incest. But Bruce still believes that Kate was an innocent victim, the best of his children, and she doesn't want him shattered with the truth. Ned then makes amends with Bruce and says that he is sorry for blaming him over Cliff's suicide. He doesn't tell Bruce the truth about Kate and lets him die still believing that Kate was everything he thought she was. Before he leaves, he tells Sally that Bruce died never knowing that she was his greatest achievement.",writer ned kendall returning remote isolated family home inhabited sister sally say goodbye bruce dying ned brings fiancee toni trouble getting used isolation harshness rural australia ned starts reliving memories childhood many involving beautiful twin sister kate older brother cliff these memories awaken long buried secrets family past writing fiance reads awkward sexual encounter kate leaves without giving chance explain kate continues entice ned despite obvious revulsion drunken night friends ned swim family dam joined kate seduces subsequently sex banks dam ned shows immediate remorse kate remains unperturbed ned refusal further sexual relations kate kate instigates fight brothers suggesting ned made unwanted advances towards punishment bruce makes ned accompany kate christmas dance dance ned leaves kate left home cliff ned leaves separately home sister dead body cliff crashed car cliff hanged fearing ned tell bruce truth kate sally reveals knew ned kate secret reveals car clock stopped impact crash could figure took kate cliff long home dance sally speculates kate sexual relations cliff crashed car kate died ned believes cliff guilt part kate death multiplied knowing committed incest bruce believes kate innocent victim best children want shattered truth ned makes amends bruce says sorry blaming cliff suicide tell bruce truth kate lets die believing kate everything thought leaves sally bruce died never knowing greatest achievement,drama,horror
"Nagraj (Deepankar Dey) sends John to steal a rare Diamond worth crores from the museum. John betrays Nagraj and runs away with Diamond, but is killed by Ronnie, who leaves the Diamond with a taxi triver Yadav Das. Therefore, Yadav is jailed in John's murder case. His daughter Madhuri (Koel Mallick) disguises herself as a boy to run the taxi to support her family. Now Manik and Chand turn up at Madhuri's house and claim to be her long lost uncles from Africa. Madhuri is in love with Rahul, a Nagraj's henchman. As the Diamond is the prime attraction, everyone wants its possession. In the climax, Manik and Chand rescue Rahul, Madhuri and Madhabi from Nagraj and the police arrest Nagraj.",nagraj deepankar dey sends john steal rare diamond worth crores museum john betrays nagraj runs diamond killed ronnie leaves diamond taxi triver yadav das therefore yadav jailed john murder case daughter madhuri koel mallick disguises herself boy run taxi support family manik chand turn madhuri claim long lost uncles africa madhuri love rahul nagraj henchman diamond prime attraction everyone wants possession climax manik chand rescue rahul madhuri madhabi nagraj police arrest nagraj,romance,crime
"Caught in a South American country during a coup, a British couple (Niven and Caron) try to help the former President escape to the border.",caught south american country coup british couple niven caron try former president escape border,drama,comedy
"Three schoolgirls are infatuated with a yakuza, Katsuta, of the Izu Clan. They meet another yakuza, Diamond Fuyu, of the rival Yoshida clan. As he gets a tattoo, two of the girls become squeamish and run off but Hanako, the best friend of the daughter of Sota Izu, boss of the Izu clan, stays to watch. She is intrigued with the yakuza world. Fuyu takes her to an illegal gambling den where Tetsu, a dealer, takes a liking to her. The police raid the den and Hanako is arrested but let off with a warning. Later, Tetsu runs into Hanako on the street and convinces her to help him pull a variant of the badger game, a scam in which, with the promise of sex, she is to lure a man to a hotel room where Tetsu will extort money from him by threat of blackmail. The scam fails when the man chases Testu off and Hanako is left stranded with the man. Katsuta chances upon Tatsuko, a con artist who he had encountered four years earlier when he had exposed her and her partner in a scam. Her partner had slashed him across the face in their escape and he bore the resulting scar in fond remembrance of her. Word that Hanako has gone missing reaches Katsuta and he inquires as to her whereabouts from Tetsu who feigns ignorance. They search for her without success and end up at a hotel. Katsuta suspects a gambling game there is fixed, but Tetsu insists on partaking and Katsuta follows. He again meets Tatsuko whose husband, Hachi Okaru, is winning the game by looking at the cards in the reflection of a cigarette case. When the others leave Okaru challenges Katsuta to a game and wins again by cheating. Diamond, who was in hiding with Tatsuko, his sister, emerges and demands to know what happened to Hanako, but Katsuta cannot tell him. Katsuta and Tatsuko fight their feelings for one another. Tensions rise between the Izu and Yoshida clan and Sato Izu begins to suspect Katsuta of disloyalty. Katsuta murders a group of rude gambler parlor attendees. Realizing he has nothing left to lose, he slays his way to a rival boss, demanding he give his fealty to Izu. When Izu is killed by Fuyu making Katsuta's earlier actions moot, Katsuta states his actions were nonetheless honorable.",three schoolgirls infatuated yakuza katsuta izu clan meet yakuza diamond fuyu rival yoshida clan tattoo girls become squeamish run hanako best friend daughter sota izu boss izu clan stays watch intrigued yakuza world fuyu illegal gambling den tetsu dealer liking police raid den hanako arrested let warning tetsu runs hanako street convinces pull variant badger game scam promise sex lure hotel room tetsu extort money threat blackmail scam fails chases testu hanako left stranded katsuta chances upon tatsuko con artist encountered four years earlier exposed partner scam partner slashed across face escape bore resulting scar fond remembrance word hanako gone missing reaches katsuta inquires whereabouts tetsu feigns ignorance search without success end hotel katsuta suspects gambling game fixed tetsu insists partaking katsuta follows meets tatsuko whose husband hachi okaru winning game looking cards reflection cigarette case others leave okaru challenges katsuta game wins cheating diamond hiding tatsuko sister emerges demands know happened hanako katsuta cannot tell katsuta tatsuko fight feelings tensions rise izu yoshida clan sato izu suspect katsuta disloyalty katsuta murders group rude gambler parlor attendees realizing nothing left lose slays rival boss demanding give fealty izu izu killed fuyu making katsuta earlier actions moot katsuta states actions were nonetheless honorable,crime,comedy
"Kahani Kismat Ki is an Action entertainer with Mithun playing the lead role, ably supported by Sharad Kapoor and Milind Gunaji. Shared on Dipak Sing Patar. Mktd By: Dsp Music.",kahani kismat ki action entertainer mithun playing lead role ably supported sharad kapoor milind gunaji shared dipak sing patar mktd dsp music,action,romance
"An English racing driver, Alan Colby, and his wife, Denise, were involved in a bad accident a year ago. Though they are both physically well, Alan struggles with mood swings and is increasingly violent. The couple go to the Cote D'Azur on vacation where they meet Dr. Prade, a psychiatrist who also hails from London. Prade and Denise talk about her troubled marriage, which angers Alan. After a fight, the couple reconcile and return to London. Once back home, Alan attempts to strangle Denise and is horrified by his dark impulses. She begs him to seek help from Prade and he reluctantly agrees. In an early session, Prade presses Alan to reveal how he would kill Denise. Alan confesses all the details of his fantasy, which includes strangling Denise in bed, dismembering her body and dropping the pieces down a disposal chute in their apartment building. After many sessions, Prade concludes that Alan thought, in the moment of the car crash, he had killed Denise and has been reliving those feelings ever since. Alan is ecstatic when Prade declares him cured. Alan awakes the next morning and is surprised to find Prade in his apartment. He returns a key that Denise gave him when Alan was at his most dangerous. The men realize that Denise is gone. Prade pieces together clues, all of which resemble Alan's murderous fantasy, and they fear that he killed Denise while in a psychotic fugue state. Prade attempts to take Alan to a clinic, but gets in a car accident on the way there. In the confusion, Alan escapes back to southern France. While lying low, he spots Denise and Prade on a yacht. Prade has deceived Denise into taking a vacation while believing that Alan is under intense psychiatric care. Alan appears with a gun at Prade's house, believing that Prade and Denise conspired against him. Prade tells Alan that he has been in a clinic for ten days, causing Alan to question his sanity once again. Denise, however, finds an estimate for repairs to Prade's car and realizes that he slaughtered his own cat to stage the murder scene to deceive Alan. When she confronts Prade, he reveals his love for Denise and attempts to escape on an old gondola lift. The cable snaps and Prade is killed. Alan and Denise are reunited, but solemn after their ordeal.",english racing driver alan colby wife denise were involved bad accident year ago though physically well alan struggles mood swings increasingly violent couple cote d azur vacation meet dr prade psychiatrist hails london prade denise talk troubled marriage angers alan fight couple reconcile return london once home alan attempts strangle denise horrified dark impulses begs seek prade reluctantly agrees early session prade presses alan reveal how would kill denise alan confesses details fantasy includes strangling denise bed dismembering body dropping pieces disposal chute apartment building many sessions prade concludes alan thought moment car crash killed denise reliving those feelings ever since alan ecstatic prade declares cured alan awakes morning surprised find prade apartment returns key denise gave alan most dangerous men realize denise gone prade pieces together clues resemble alan murderous fantasy fear killed denise psychotic fugue state prade attempts alan clinic car accident confusion alan escapes southern france lying low spots denise prade yacht prade deceived denise taking vacation believing alan under intense psychiatric care alan appears gun prade believing prade denise conspired against prade alan clinic ten days causing alan question sanity once denise estimate repairs prade car realizes slaughtered cat stage murder scene deceive alan confronts prade reveals love denise attempts escape old gondola lift cable snaps prade killed alan denise reunited solemn ordeal,drama,horror
"Sweety (Rakul Preet Singh) is a college going student. When an eve teaser, the son of the Central Minister (Suman) bothers her, he gets beaten up by a co-student Gagan (Bellamkonda Sreenivas), his father Chakravarthy (Sarath Kumar) & his brother Pruthvi (Nandu[disambiguation needed]). The Central Minister then makes it a point to take Gagan and his family down. Gagan, his father & brother are best friends and liquor buddies. They do everything from drinking alcohol to eating roadside foods and beating up wrongdoers in society. Sweety starts getting attracted to Gagan and they start to hang out and she gets to know about his family. She comes to Gagan's house and makes a change in their lifestyle for their own sake for which Chakravarthy happily agrees for. In the meantime, Sweety learns about Gagan brother's love failure and ends up reconciling with the would-be bride's parents and the marriage is conducted in a grand manner. Chakravarthy upon seeing the happiness and joy in the atmosphere at the wedding realizes that Sweety is the reason behind everything and asks Gagan to always be by her side and if he is not by her side one day, then Chakravarthy and his family as good as dead. In a parallel track, the CM attends the engagement of a very rich and ruthless businessman Aswith Narayana Varma's (Jagapathi Babu) daughter. The would-be groom, however, finds a video of Aswith Narayana's daughter romancing and kissing another guy she liked before the engagement. The groom shows Aswith Narayana and tells him about this. The next morning, the breaking news on TV, it's revealed that Aswith Narayana has intentionally killed the groom in fear of his pride being destroyed. Aswith Narayana says the thing he cares about the most in the world in his pride and he will go to any extent to preserve it. He leaves a gun on the table and his daughter picks it up and shoots herself. Aswith Narayana and his company plan to build a highway that will make his company the most successful company in all of Asia but Aswith Narayana's son (Shashank) reveals that the project has competition in the form of the biggest liquor don in North India, Arun Pawar (Tarun Arora). Pawar is supported by his 2 brothers and has bought off all of Aswith Narayana's close associates and subordinates except for his lawyer (Jayaprakash). Pawar threatens the lawyer stating that if he doesn't agree to his terms, that his daughter should get married to his youngest brother otherwise he will kill her. The lawyer agrees out of fear. Aswith Narayana however, retaliates and sends his son to kill Pawar's brother and breaks up the back and puts him in a critical condition. Now Pawar then decides to hit back. Sweety realizes that she's truly in love with Gagan and expresses her feelings towards him. Gagan is delighted and Sweety takes him to her house to meet her father (Jayaprakash) where he insults him after realizing his lifestyle and the reputation that Chakravarthy has in society, then proceeds to insult Sweety. Enraged, Gagan gives Sweety's father a warning but Sweety who cares for her father's life more than anything sends Gagan away and tells him to never come back. Heartbroken, Gagan drives and tries to forget Sweety but is unable to and gets into a car accident. Fearing for his life, Chakravarthy and his uncle send him away with known relatives in Vizag. Faluguni (Pragya Jaiswal) arrives at the airport and picks Gagan up and Gagan realizes her lifestyle is young, wild, and free. Falguni, however, has no interest in Gagan romantically. While driving back after a party on the beach. Gagan witnesses a family being attacked. He decides to save them and they turn out to be Varma's family and Pawar's brother has been sent to finish them off. Aswith Narayana's family pleads Gagan to save them and their daughter in law. Gagan fights off some of Pawar's men and saves the daughter-in-law and she happens to be none other than Sweety. Shocked, Gagan is then shot 4 times and is left for dead. The doctors end up saving him and then the flashback is revealed by Varma's wife. After breaking Pawar's brothers back, Aswith Narayana then met Sweety's father, they decide to get Aswith Narayana's son married with Sweety. At the wedding as Aswith Narayana's son is about to tie the knot, he is shot and killed and Pawar's men come and kidnap everyone to kill them. Since Aswith Narayana's son died at the hands of Pawar, Sweety's father has no choice, but to let her daughter away from the Narayana family. However, Aswith Narayana's sister (Vani Viswanath) phones her brother and tells him that they need Sweety, since she's almost married to his son, and decided to adopt Sweety as their daughter-in-law. Since her would-be husband is dead, Sweety becomes a poor widow with no family emotions. Gagan then vows to protect Sweety until he dies and will solve all her problems. Aswith Narayana's sister comes and says the family must perform a pooja at the Hamsala Deevi river area. She sees Gagan and says he can't come along. Aswith Narayana's sister, in reality, has cut a deal with Pawar to get Sweety and leave her family alone, Pawar agrees. As Aswith and the rest of his family perform the pooja, they attacked by Pawar's men. As they are about to attack Sweety, Gagan emerges from the water along with his father & brother and kills everyone. He takes Sweety along with him and Aswith Narayana feels his pride has once again been damaged. Then the central minister enrages both Aswith Narayana and Pawar on Gagan.So, they both joins hands with each other in eliminating Gagan once and for all. And in the attack, Gagan's father & brother are seriously injured and Aswith Narayana kidnaps Sweety. Gagan then lugs his dying brother and father to where Sweety is being kept and kills everyone but Aswith Narayana. Finally, Gagan says ASwith lost his pride a long time ago, listening to this Aswith Narayana shoots himself and dies. Chakravarthy decides to get Gagan married to Sweety and asks what name she would like on the wedding card. Sweety says Janaki and the whole family says Jaya Janaki Nayaka and the film ends on a happy note.",sweety rakul preet singh college going student eve teaser son central minister suman bothers beaten co student gagan bellamkonda sreenivas chakravarthy sarath kumar brother pruthvi nandu disambiguation needed central minister makes point gagan family gagan brother best friends liquor buddies do everything drinking alcohol eating roadside foods beating wrongdoers society sweety starts getting attracted gagan start hang know family gagan makes change lifestyle sake chakravarthy happily agrees meantime sweety learns gagan brother love failure ends reconciling would bride parents marriage conducted grand manner chakravarthy upon seeing happiness joy atmosphere wedding realizes sweety reason behind everything gagan always side side day chakravarthy family good dead parallel track cm attends engagement very rich ruthless businessman aswith narayana varma jagapathi babu daughter would groom video aswith narayana daughter romancing kissing guy liked engagement groom shows aswith narayana morning breaking news tv revealed aswith narayana intentionally killed groom fear pride destroyed aswith narayana says thing cares most world pride any extent preserve leaves gun table daughter picks shoots herself aswith narayana company plan build highway company most successful company asia aswith narayana son shashank reveals project competition form biggest liquor don north india arun pawar tarun arora pawar supported brothers bought aswith narayana close associates subordinates except lawyer jayaprakash pawar threatens lawyer stating agree terms daughter should married youngest brother otherwise kill lawyer agrees fear aswith narayana retaliates sends son kill pawar brother breaks puts critical condition pawar decides hit sweety realizes truly love gagan expresses feelings towards gagan delighted sweety meet jayaprakash insults realizing lifestyle reputation chakravarthy society proceeds insult sweety enraged gagan gives sweety warning sweety cares life than anything sends gagan never heartbroken gagan drives forget sweety unable car accident fearing life chakravarthy uncle send known relatives vizag faluguni pragya jaiswal arrives airport picks gagan gagan realizes lifestyle young wild free falguni interest gagan romantically driving party beach gagan witnesses family attacked decides save turn varma family pawar brother sent finish aswith narayana family pleads gagan save daughter law gagan fights pawar men saves daughter law happens none than sweety shocked gagan shot times left dead doctors end saving flashback revealed varma wife breaking pawar brothers aswith narayana met sweety decide aswith narayana son married sweety wedding aswith narayana son tie knot shot killed pawar men kidnap everyone kill since aswith narayana son died hands pawar sweety choice let daughter narayana family aswith narayana sister vani viswanath phones brother need sweety since almost married son decided adopt sweety daughter law since would husband dead sweety poor widow family emotions gagan vows protect sweety until dies solve problems aswith narayana sister says family must perform pooja hamsala deevi river area sees gagan says along aswith narayana sister reality cut deal pawar sweety leave family alone pawar agrees aswith rest family perform pooja attacked pawar men attack sweety gagan emerges water along brother kills everyone sweety along aswith narayana feels pride once damaged central minister enrages aswith narayana pawar gagan joins hands each eliminating gagan once attack gagan brother seriously injured aswith narayana kidnaps sweety gagan lugs dying brother sweety kept kills everyone aswith narayana finally gagan says aswith lost pride long time ago listening aswith narayana shoots dies chakravarthy decides gagan married sweety name would like wedding card sweety says janaki whole family says jaya janaki nayaka film ends happy note,action,romance
"Chander (Jeetendra) a very successful criminal lawyer decides to settle down in a village a look after his lands after his father’s death. He practices the new ideas that and tries to educate the workers by mixing up with them. In the process, he falls in love with a beautiful girl Shallo (Asha Parekh). Now everyone tries to pressurize Chander not to marry Shallo But he was firm, what Panchayat couldn’t accomplish by force, Chander’s mother manages it with ease by describing the consequences of such marriage, she persuades Shallo to get married with the boy of her own community and she has to do so. Chander is aghast and heartbroken. However this disappointment in love, instead of breaking him, Chander works with new zeal and energy. On the other hand, it is just beginning of Shallo’s misfortune and her past follows her as a ghost. She is not accepted in the in-law and asked her to leave but she refuses. For that, she is meted out with severe punishments. In the meantime, Chander younger sister Radha (Fadira Jalal) gets married in the same village, her husband Thakur Suraj Pratap Singh (Kishan Mehta) is a drunkard. Being a lady of virtue, Radha decides to set out change her husband on one hand and tries to put Shallo’s house in order on the other hand. Shallo’s husband Ramu (Sujit Kumar) is convinced of his wife’s virtue but the mother-in-law remains adamant. Consequently, Ramu decides to leave with his wife and Thakur who has evil designs on Shallo gives them shelter in his Shikargaah. One night he calls Ramu, expresses his desire on Shallo and offers a lot of money & comforts in exchange which hurts Ramu’s self-respect and he violently protests, in the fight Ramu is killed. Shallo kills Thakur with the same spear which had taken her husband’s life and she was charged in the court for both the murders. Rest of the story is whether she is proved innocent or not.",chander jeetendra very successful criminal lawyer decides settle village look lands s death practices ideas educate workers mixing process falls love beautiful girl shallo asha parekh everyone pressurize chander marry shallo firm panchayat couldn t accomplish force chander s mother manages ease describing consequences such marriage persuades shallo married boy community do chander aghast heartbroken disappointment love instead breaking chander works zeal energy hand beginning shallo s misfortune past follows ghost accepted law asked leave refuses meted severe punishments meantime chander younger sister radha fadira jalal married same village husband thakur suraj pratap singh kishan mehta drunkard lady virtue radha decides set change husband hand put shallo s order hand shallo s husband ramu sujit kumar convinced wife s virtue mother law remains adamant consequently ramu decides leave wife thakur evil designs shallo gives shelter shikargaah night calls ramu expresses desire shallo offers lot money comforts exchange hurts ramu s self respect violently protests fight ramu killed shallo kills thakur same spear taken husband s life charged court murders rest story whether proved innocent or,drama,romance
"Now based in London, Varela's company takes him into unusual and sometimes dangerous situations. Impeccably dressed, cigar smoking and using his wit, ingenuity, and charm, which would often involve a damsel in distress. Assisted by Chin, a resourceful Chinese manservant, and Miss Carter, an ultra-efficient secretary.[2] Later episodes introduced Bill Randall, a businessman, who became the boyfriend of Miss Carter and then an employee of Varela.",based london varela company unusual sometimes dangerous situations impeccably dressed cigar smoking using wit ingenuity charm would often involve damsel distress assisted chin resourceful chinese manservant miss carter ultra efficient secretary episodes introduced bill randall businessman became boyfriend miss carter employee varela,action,comedy
"In 1865 Australia, the two Marston brothers, bold Dick and sensitive Jim, are drawn into a life of crime by their ex-convict father Ben and his friend, the famous cattle thief Captain Starlight. They help take some cattle their father and Starlight have stolen across the country to Adelaide, where they are sold with Starlight impersonating an English gentleman claiming to own the rustled herd. The two brothers take their share of the money and go to Melbourne. On board ship they meet the Morrison sisters, greedy Kate and nice Jean, who are romanced by Dick and Jim respectively. They read that Starlight has been arrested, and return home, where they and their father narrowly escape arrest. The brothers are then reunited with Starlight, who has left prison, and join him and some other men in robbing a coach, in which a trooper is shot and killed. Dick and Jim go to the gold fields to make enough money to escape to America. There they are reunited with Kate, who is married but is still interested in Dick, and Jean, who Jim marries. Just as the brothers are about to leave to start a new life, Captain Starlight and his gang (including Ben Marston) arrive to rob the local bank. During the robbery several people are killed by Starlight's gang (although not by Starlight), including a mother protecting child. Jim Marston is captured by locals and is about to be lynched but rescued by a trooper who comes to arrest him. Dick rescues Jim from the trooper. but is killed in the attempt. Jim hides out with Starlight and his father but misses his wife too much and goes back to see her. Starlight and Ben Marston are killed in a shoot out with police. Jim Marston is arrested.",australia marston brothers bold dick sensitive jim drawn life crime ex convict ben friend famous cattle thief captain starlight cattle starlight stolen across country adelaide sold starlight impersonating english gentleman claiming rustled herd brothers share money melbourne board ship meet morrison sisters greedy kate nice jean romanced dick jim respectively read starlight arrested return home narrowly escape arrest brothers reunited starlight left prison join men robbing coach trooper shot killed dick jim gold fields enough money escape america reunited kate married interested dick jean jim marries brothers leave start life captain starlight gang including ben marston arrive rob local bank robbery several people killed starlight gang although starlight including mother protecting child jim marston captured locals lynched rescued trooper arrest dick rescues jim trooper killed attempt jim hides starlight misses wife too much see starlight ben marston killed shoot police jim marston arrested,crime,western
"While docked in a Caribbean port aboard a third-rate freighter, Captain Sam Whalan (Gary Cooper) gets involved in a drunken brawl in a seedy tavern. Returning to the ship, Sam discovers that a baby boy, rescued from a drifting Navy boat, has been left for an unnamed sailor aboard his ship. Deciding to adopt the child himself, Sam advertises for a mother and soon hires Sally Clark (Claudette Colbert) as the child's nanny in exchange for her passage to New York. Sally tells him she is the daughter of a recently deceased missionary. Unknown to Sam, Sally is actually a dance hall girl dressed to appear virtuous and proper. During the voyage, Sally takes loving care of the child while Sam protects her from the lusty sailors on board. One night, the first mate, Gatson (Averell Harris), recognizes Sally from a dance hall and tries to blackmail her into sleeping with him. Sally struggles to reject his advances, and Sam comes to her rescue. In the ensuing struggle, Gatson falls overboard. Unable to locate him in the dense fog, he is assumed dead. By the time they arrive in New York, Sam and Sally have fallen in love and intend to marry. The Department of Commerce, however, calls Sam to testify in an investigation of the Gatson incident, and he is soon arrested. Sam and Sally are surprised to learn that Gatson survived, was picked up by a cruise ship, and is now pressing charges against Sam for assault and attempted murder. In the course of the investigation, in order to clear Sam of the charges, Sally is forced to reveal her sordid past as a dance hall girl. Shocked and disappointed by the revelation, Sam tells Sally to leave the ship, and decides to put the baby up for adoption, despite Sally's sincere protests. After sending his assistant Aloysius (Hamtree Harrington) to deliver Sally's luggage, Sam goes off drinking with Gatson. Later that night, a vengeful Sam brings Gatson to Sally's apartment to insult her. When she learns from another sailor that the baby was left out in the rain and is now sick, she immediately comes to care for the infant with the help of a doctor. Sam postpones his next sailing mission until the child's fever breaks and he begins to recover. By the time the baby is well and the ship pulls up anchor, Sam and Sally have made amends and renew their plans to marry.",docked caribbean port aboard third rate freighter captain sam whalan gary cooper involved drunken brawl seedy tavern returning ship sam discovers baby boy rescued drifting navy boat left unnamed sailor aboard ship deciding adopt child sam advertises mother hires sally clark claudette colbert child nanny exchange passage york sally daughter recently deceased missionary unknown sam sally actually dance hall girl dressed appear virtuous proper voyage sally loving care child sam protects lusty sailors board night mate gatson averell harris recognizes sally dance hall blackmail sleeping sally struggles reject advances sam rescue ensuing struggle gatson falls overboard unable locate dense fog assumed dead time arrive york sam sally fallen love intend marry department commerce calls sam testify investigation gatson incident arrested sam sally surprised learn gatson survived picked cruise ship pressing charges against sam assault attempted murder course investigation order clear sam charges sally forced reveal sordid past dance hall girl shocked disappointed revelation sam sally leave ship decides put baby adoption despite sally sincere protests sending assistant aloysius hamtree harrington deliver sally luggage sam drinking gatson night vengeful sam brings gatson sally apartment insult learns sailor baby left rain sick immediately care infant doctor sam postpones sailing mission until child fever breaks recover time baby well ship pulls anchor sam sally made amends renew plans marry,romance,drama
"Mahim Ghoshal is a conspiring manager of businessman Amar Banerjee. While Amar banerjee has 2 wives (Mamata & Sabitri) Mahim takes an advantage of this situation. Amar Banerjee has two separate families in two separate places. Mamata feels insecure about Amar's second fiddle Sabitri while Mahim takes advantage of this situation. He advised and influences Mamata to give him ransom so that he may kill Sabitri and his own son Debnath, Mahim sends a killer who brutually knives Sabitri to death. In the heat of the moment the killer shoots and kills Sabitri's friend too. Sabitri's son Debnath and his best friend Sibnath manage to escape from the grasp of the hired assassin with Sibnath's sister Rani. But sadly the 3 children get separated. Debnath becomes Deba Mastan while Sibnath turns out to become Siba. Rani becomes a torger and finds a sidekick within Pangla. Incidentally Sibnath was brought up by Amar Banerjee's driver Sanatan, an outright honest man. After Amar Banerjee's death Mahim Ghoshal pounces upon his mission of engulfing the Banerjee property. He blackmails Mamata and coerces her to accept her that her daughter Tina to be married with Mahim's insane son Rocket. But Sibnath arrives at the judgement moment to save Tina from getting married with the hoodlum. Sibnath declares as the son-in-law (Jamai) of the Bamerjee's, i.e. Tina's husband and begins his mission of fighting Mahim Ghoshal, Rocket and his allies. Mahim on the other hand brings Debnath as a wild card and introduced his to Mamata as Sabitri's long lost son. Mamata acceptrs Debnath as her slipson while Tina also gives consent. But as Sibnath and Debnath don't recognise each other as childhood pears they constantly fight and combat each other. But ultimately truth prevails. the childhood mystery of all three are revealed and while Mahim Ghoshal in punished the entire family reunite again.",mahim ghoshal conspiring manager businessman amar banerjee amar banerjee wives mamata sabitri mahim advantage situation amar banerjee separate families separate places mamata feels insecure amar second fiddle sabitri mahim advantage situation advised influences mamata give ransom may kill sabitri son debnath mahim sends killer brutually knives sabitri death heat moment killer shoots kills sabitri friend too sabitri son debnath best friend sibnath manage escape grasp hired assassin sibnath sister rani sadly children separated debnath deba mastan sibnath turns become siba rani torger sidekick within pangla incidentally sibnath brought amar banerjee driver sanatan outright honest amar banerjee death mahim ghoshal pounces upon mission engulfing banerjee property blackmails mamata coerces accept daughter tina married mahim insane son rocket sibnath arrives judgement moment save tina getting married hoodlum sibnath declares son law jamai bamerjee i e tina husband mission fighting mahim ghoshal rocket allies mahim hand brings debnath wild card introduced mamata sabitri long lost son mamata acceptrs debnath slipson tina gives consent sibnath debnath do recognise each childhood pears constantly fight combat each ultimately truth prevails childhood mystery three revealed mahim ghoshal punished entire family reunite,romance,action
A student of Sacred Heart Medical College is found murdered in mysterious circumstances. Police begin the investigation but soon two more girls are found murdered in the college campus. Daisy Wilfred IPS (Vani Viswanath) takes charge of the investigation.,student sacred heart medical college found murdered mysterious circumstances police begin investigation girls found murdered college campus daisy wilfred ips vani viswanath charge investigation,action,crime
"Jay Killian (Charles Bronson) is a senior member of the Secret Service. On the day before the Inauguration of the new president, Killian has just returned from a six-month sick leave. He is given a new assignment: to protect the First Lady, Lara Royce Craig (Jill Ireland). Being highly qualified and a seasoned veteran of the service, Killian is dismayed that he is not on the Presidential detail. To make matters worse, Lara proves to be an extremely difficult charge. She is arrogant, condescending, demanding, and she detests the presence of Killian. With the First Lady doing what she wants and ignoring all of Killian's suggestions, it becomes apparent that someone wants Lara dead—especially when a biker tries to shoot her. A wild cross-country adventure ensues as Killian attempts to protect Lara and flush out the assassin and his contractor—and the assassination attempts may have originated from the White House. It turns out that, because of a war injury, the President is impotent and that his wife is about to file in a divorce at the end of his first term. Believing, that the divorce will eliminate the chances of another term, the president's right-sided supporters staged the assassination attempts, to keep the President's impotence a secret and gain him the peoples support in his grief. Killian is able to unravel the conspiracy.",jay killian charles bronson senior member secret service day inauguration president killian returned six month sick leave given assignment protect lady lara royce craig jill ireland highly qualified seasoned veteran service killian dismayed presidential detail matters worse lara proves extremely difficult charge arrogant condescending demanding detests presence killian lady doing wants ignoring killian suggestions apparent someone wants lara dead especially biker shoot wild cross country adventure ensues killian attempts protect lara flush assassin contractor assassination attempts may originated white turns war injury president impotent wife file divorce end term believing divorce eliminate chances term president right sided supporters staged assassination attempts keep president impotence secret gain peoples support grief killian able unravel conspiracy,action,drama
"A man buys a greyhound and enters it in a major race, but discovers the dog has one paw in the grave. As our hero nurses the pooch back to health, he also gets mixed up with criminals who want to fix the race by doping dogs.[1][2]",buys greyhound enters major race discovers dog paw grave our hero nurses pooch health mixed criminals want fix race doping dogs,comedy,drama
"The film is told through the stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her granddaughter. Daisy tells Nana of her strong and blossoming romance with a young man named Ethan and her problems at school because she's Jewish. Nana tells the story of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a concentration camp. The romantic love feelings she has for the boy are indeed strong and genuine, but the romantic love he has for her is questionable. He lets his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he breaks up with her. Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her anger out on her. She then runs away and tries to kill herself but she does not. At the end, she tries to see him again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his friends. She stands there; heartbroken, sad and crying, realizing that maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy.",film told stories women nana grandmother daisy granddaughter daisy nana strong blossoming romance young named ethan problems school jewish nana story young life sent ghetto concentration camp romantic love feelings boy indeed strong genuine romantic love questionable lets friends judge outside inside turns like every girl breaks daisy sad sees nana anger runs kill herself end see looks long time walks friends stands heartbroken sad crying realizing maybe meant walks happy,drama,romance
"This is the story of three couples. The first couple is that of Tripathi (Sanjeev Kumar), who always takes advantage of other's mistakes and position and earn money and his wife Mary. The second one is that of Geeta (Shabana Azmi) and Romeo Vinod (Vinod Mehra), while the jealous and possessive Shobha (Moushumi Chatterjee) and Vicky Kapoor (Jeetendra) form the third one. The first couple is a happily married one. The second couple stays with Vinod's mother (Kamini Kaushal). Vinod spends a lot of time with Leena (Prema Narayan) and attending late night parties while Geeta patiently awaits her husband every night. Once Shobha happens to see Vicky with Radha (Tanuja), she assumes they are having an affair and pesters Vicky about it. When Vicky denies it, she leaves him. On the other hand, Vinod decides to leave the house, but destiny plays its role. He meets with an accident and during his recovery period, Shabana proves how important she is for him. He repents and completely changes into a new soft-spoken and good man. On the other hand, Shobha spoils her own house to such a stage that Vicky is compelled to leave his house after Radha's tragic death. At this juncture, Tripathi steps in to mend the couple. Some of the events that follow are hilarious sequences. Whether Tripathi is successful in mending these couples forms the rest of the story.",story three couples couple tripathi sanjeev kumar always advantage mistakes position earn money wife mary second geeta shabana azmi romeo vinod vinod mehra jealous possessive shobha moushumi chatterjee vicky kapoor jeetendra form third couple happily married second couple stays vinod mother kamini kaushal vinod spends lot time leena prema narayan attending late night parties geeta patiently awaits husband every night once shobha happens see vicky radha tanuja assumes affair pesters vicky vicky denies leaves hand vinod decides leave destiny plays role meets accident recovery period shabana proves how important repents completely changes soft spoken good hand shobha spoils such stage vicky compelled leave radha tragic death juncture tripathi steps mend couple events follow hilarious sequences whether tripathi successful mending these couples forms rest story,drama,romance
"A beautiful young violinist named Amelia Cornell (Olivia de Havilland) is a student at the prestigious Brissac Academy of Music in New York City. Unable to support her mother on her meager scholarship stipend, she is forced to provide music lessons in her spare time—something strictly forbidden by the school and enforced zealously by the dean of the school, Dr. Kobbe (Grant Mitchell). Frustrated by her financial constraints and at being treated like a child by the dean, Amelia decides to leave the academy and join a jazz group led by her fellow student and swing bandleader Dusty Rhodes (Eddie Albert). Meanwhile, after seeing Amelia perform at a concert, a distinguished wealthy patron of the arts, Julius Malette (Charles Winninger), finally accepts the academy's offer to make him president of the school—an offer inspired by Julius' wealth and influence. When he learns that Amelia is planning to leave the academy for financial reasons, Julius—who has a crush on the much younger violinist—secretly arranges for a second scholarship that will allow her to continue her studies. After Amelia meets her patron, the kind and gentlemanly president sends her a phonograph player and records, and escorts her to concerts to broaden her musical experience. One evening, Julius is unable to attend a concert with Amelia and sends his young business manager, Tony Baldwin (Jeffrey Lynn), to the concert hall to explain his absence. In the coming days, Tony and Amelia begin to fall in love, but Tony does not reveal his feelings, believing that Amelia is his boss's mistress. The budding relationship between Tony and Amelia is further complicated when Julius' brash son Paul (William T. Orr) discovers that Tony has been mailing company checks to Amelia, unaware that these scholarship checks were mailed at his father's request. When Paul accuses Tony of misappropriating company funds, Tony protects his boss with his silence. Later, Paul sees his Julius entering Amelia's apartment, he believes that his father is being unfaithful to his mother. He apologizes to Tony and thanks him for trying to shield his family from the sordid news. When Paul tells Tony that Julius is with Amelia, Tony decides not to see Amelia again, nor answer her calls. His distrust is reinforced when he learns that the checks sent to Amelia have been cashed—he doesn't know that her friend Dusty borrowed the money. Soon after, Julius and his wife organize a party and hire Amelia's roommate, Joy O'Keefe (Jane Wyman), and her boyfriend, Dusty Rhodes, to provide an evening of innovative classical and swing music. At the party, Amelia confesses everything to Mrs. Malette, and then plays swing violin with the band, shocking Julius and her teacher. The music critic at the party, however, is impressed, which gives her new style legitimacy. When Amelia learns that Dusty borrowed her check, and how that must have looked to Tony, she demands that Dusty explain to Tony what had been going on. Afterwards, Tony approaches Amelia in the garden, apologizes for his suspicions, and kisses her passionately.",beautiful young violinist named amelia cornell olivia de havilland student prestigious brissac academy music york city unable support mother meager scholarship stipend forced provide music lessons spare time something strictly forbidden school enforced zealously dean school dr kobbe grant mitchell frustrated financial constraints treated like child dean amelia decides leave academy join jazz group led fellow student swing bandleader dusty rhodes eddie albert seeing amelia perform concert distinguished wealthy patron arts julius malette charles winninger finally accepts academy offer president school offer inspired julius wealth influence learns amelia planning leave academy financial reasons julius crush much younger violinist secretly arranges second scholarship allow continue studies amelia meets patron kind gentlemanly president sends phonograph player records escorts concerts broaden musical experience evening julius unable attend concert amelia sends young business manager tony baldwin jeffrey lynn concert hall explain absence coming days tony amelia begin fall love tony reveal feelings believing amelia boss mistress budding relationship tony amelia further complicated julius brash son paul william t orr discovers tony mailing company checks amelia unaware these scholarship checks were mailed request paul accuses tony misappropriating company funds tony protects boss silence paul sees julius entering amelia apartment believes unfaithful mother apologizes tony thanks trying shield family sordid news paul tony julius amelia tony decides see amelia nor answer calls distrust reinforced learns checks sent amelia cashed know friend dusty borrowed money julius wife organize party hire amelia roommate joy o keefe jane wyman boyfriend dusty rhodes provide evening innovative classical swing music party amelia confesses everything mrs malette plays swing violin band shocking julius teacher music critic party impressed gives style legitimacy amelia learns dusty borrowed check how must looked tony demands dusty explain tony going afterwards tony approaches amelia garden apologizes suspicions kisses passionately,romance,drama
"Thanks to falsified dental records supplied by his former neighbor Nicholas Oz Ozeransky (Matthew Perry), retired hitman Jimmy The Tulip Tudeski (Bruce Willis) now spends his days compulsively cleaning his house and perfecting his culinary skills with his wife, Jill (Amanda Peet), a purported assassin who has yet to pull off a clean hit (everyone she is hired to kill dies in bizarre accidents before she can kill them). Oz, meanwhile, is now married to Jimmy's ex-wife Cynthia (Natasha Henstridge) and has a dental practice in California, now expecting their first child, but the relationship is complicated due to Oz's over-excessive paranoia about security, as well as Cynthia's secret continued contact with Jimmy (Although Oz also talks with Jill on occasion). Their lives are further complicated by the return of Laszlo Gogolak (Kevin Pollak), a father figure of Jimmy's who ran the mob that Jimmy was once a member of, Jimmy and Jill having killed his son, Janni, while Laszlo was in prison. Having deduced that Jimmy is still alive, Laszlo abducts Cynthia and threatens Oz to try to learn Jimmy's location, Oz only just managing to escape, by turning the lights out. With no other options, Oz contacts Jimmy and Jill for assistance, but Jimmy initially refuses to help until Laszlo's men attack the house after following Oz's car. Having captured Laszlo's remaining son, Strabonitz (Strabo, for short), Jimmy tells Laszlo that he will trade Cynthia for Strabo, but the group's attempt to check into a hotel results in Oz unintentionally triggering further conflict between Jimmy and Jill when he reveals that Jimmy still wears a crucifix Cynthia gave him. Retreating to a bar to get drunk, Jimmy becomes increasingly depressed about his apparent failure to father a child with Jill, although Oz becomes frustrated when Jimmy starts discussing his and Cynthia's old sex life, culminating in them becoming so drunk that Oz and Jimmy wake up in the same bed (Although nothing happens). Increasingly frustrated at her poor sex life with Jimmy, Jill attempts to seduce Oz, resulting in Jimmy walking in on them and knocking Oz out, subsequently regaining his passion for Jill and his work as the two proceed to have sex in the bathroom. While re-arming themselves at Oz's house, the three are attacked by an unknown marksman, whose attempts to shoot them result in Strabo being killed in the crossfire, the subsequent argument causing Jill to leave in frustration at Jimmy's insults of her capabilities and his cold dismissal of Oz. Increasingly driven to breaking point by recent events, Oz retreats to his practice, where Jimmy greets him to apologize for recent events, only for Oz's new receptionist Julie to chloroform Oz and Jimmy, revealing that she is the sister of 'Frankie Figgs', out for revenge for Oz and Jimmy's role in her brother's death. Waking up with Cynthia and Jimmy in Laszlo's apartment, Oz is shocked to learn that the current situation has been part of a plan by Jimmy and Cynthia from the beginning so that Cynthia could find Laszlo's half of the first dollar he ever stole, which he had torn in half to be divided between Jimmy and Yanni when they were kids. Just as Laszlo is preparing to kill the three of them, Jill shows up, having set up Strabo's body so that he appears to be alive and tied up in her car, threatening to detonate explosives in her car unless Laszlo releases Oz and Cynthia. Claiming to want to join Laszlo's organization, Jill is ordered to shoot Jimmy, finally apparently shooting Jimmy in the heart when he informs her that she'll never be a successful hitter. When Jill's car detonates as Laszlo's men go to release Strabo, it is revealed that Jill was in on the plan as well, having merely shot Jimmy with blanks. With Jules having been exposed as the shooter who killed Strabo, Laszlo shoots her, Jimmy subsequently having Jill shoot Laszlo in the foot, unable to kill the man who raised him. As the group depart, Jimmy and Cynthia reveal that the plan was set up to acquire Laszlo's half of the dollar, the combined dollar revealing the account number for a Gogalak account containing $280 million. With Jill having revealed that she is pregnant, the four drive away while the police arrest Laszlo.",thanks falsified dental records supplied former neighbor nicholas oz ozeransky matthew perry retired hitman jimmy tulip tudeski bruce willis spends days compulsively cleaning perfecting culinary skills wife jill amanda peet purported assassin yet pull clean hit everyone hired kill dies bizarre accidents kill oz married jimmy ex wife cynthia natasha henstridge dental practice california expecting child relationship complicated due oz excessive paranoia security well cynthia secret continued contact jimmy although oz talks jill occasion lives further complicated return laszlo gogolak kevin pollak figure jimmy ran mob jimmy once member jimmy jill killed son janni laszlo prison deduced jimmy alive laszlo abducts cynthia threatens oz try learn jimmy location oz managing escape turning lights options oz contacts jimmy jill assistance jimmy initially refuses until laszlo men attack following oz car captured laszlo remaining son strabonitz strabo short jimmy laszlo trade cynthia strabo group attempt check hotel results oz unintentionally triggering further conflict jimmy jill reveals jimmy wears crucifix cynthia gave retreating bar drunk jimmy increasingly depressed apparent failure child jill although oz frustrated jimmy starts discussing cynthia old sex life culminating becoming drunk oz jimmy wake same bed although nothing happens increasingly frustrated poor sex life jimmy jill attempts seduce oz resulting jimmy walking knocking oz subsequently regaining passion jill work proceed sex bathroom re arming themselves oz three attacked unknown marksman whose attempts shoot result strabo killed crossfire subsequent argument causing jill leave frustration jimmy insults capabilities cold dismissal oz increasingly driven breaking point recent events oz retreats practice jimmy greets apologize recent events oz receptionist julie chloroform oz jimmy revealing sister frankie figgs revenge oz jimmy role brother death waking cynthia jimmy laszlo apartment oz shocked learn current situation part plan jimmy cynthia beginning cynthia could find laszlo half dollar ever stole torn half divided jimmy yanni were kids laszlo preparing kill three jill shows set strabo body appears alive tied car threatening detonate explosives car unless laszlo releases oz cynthia claiming want join laszlo organization jill ordered shoot jimmy finally apparently shooting jimmy heart informs never successful hitter jill car detonates laszlo men release strabo revealed jill plan well merely shot jimmy blanks jules exposed shooter killed strabo laszlo shoots jimmy subsequently jill shoot laszlo foot unable kill raised group depart jimmy cynthia reveal plan set acquire laszlo half dollar combined dollar revealing account number gogalak account containing million jill revealed pregnant four drive police arrest laszlo,comedy,horror
"Dishonorably discharged after a four-year stint in a military prison for dabbling in black markets while stationed in Italy during World War II, former US soldier Frank Keeler (Lloyd Bridges) wants to discreetly recover a stash of money he buried near Amalfi prior to his arrest. However this turns out to be more difficult than expected when the police becomes interested in him and starts tailing him, while local shady characters guess the purpose of his presence.",dishonorably discharged four year stint military prison dabbling black markets stationed italy world war ii former us soldier frank keeler lloyd bridges wants discreetly recover stash money buried near amalfi prior arrest turns difficult than expected police interested starts tailing local shady characters guess purpose presence,crime,drama
